Tom likes swimming.
We marveled at the little boy's eloquence.
All was quiet except that buses sometimes ran.
On his arrival at the station, he called a taxi.
Have you done all your homework?
Please don't walk so fast. I can't keep pace with you.
Let's take a chance and go for broke.
The driver accelerated his car.
Who is that girl waving to you?
I'd like to stay one more night. Is that possible?
By chance I met my ex-girlfriend in Portugal.
I've given up on you!
How do you figure out this problem?
The riot police arrived on the scene.
Well, I guess I'm going to get a driver's license, he answered.
If your answer is correct, it follows that mine is wrong.
I met a friend of Mary's.
Strike his name from the list.
It is likely to rain.
The vacation came to an end all too soon.
The tourists painted the whole town red.
Any house is better than none.
The best bet on a rainy day is to remain indoors.
You must keep quiet for a few days.
Keep the fire alive.
We were lucky to win the battle.
Now just hold on a minute.
Mr Yoshida is at home in French history.
By and large, women can bear pain better than men.
Did you notice any change?
I can't work with you standing there.
I should like to call on you this evening.
The English ambassador demanded to meet with the President directly.
You can depend on his help.
Yes, I know.
My father implied our summer trip was arranged.
I want something to write on.
You can do it at your leisure.
In case of an emergency, call the police.
I need some hangers.
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
Drop in now and again.
How easy would it be to bore a tunnel through it?
What are you making all the fuss about?
Medical science is always on the march.
Take hold of the rope.
People don't like to swim against the tide.
Get out your wallet.
As you have insulted him, he is cross with you.
May I have the check, please?
Our personnel are very highly educated.
Don't avoid my question.
At last he realized that he was mistaken.
What a lonely world it will be with you away!
Do you have any further questions to ask?
Even if it is true, it matters little.
Where's your better half?
I bought a dozen pencils today.
Most work is not very pleasant.
Do you have a book written in English?
It is hard to get to the heart of the thing.
The king crushed his enemies.
Tim writes as if he were left-handed.
I could tell at a glance that something was wrong.
I was dog-tired when I got home last night.
What did you come here so early for?
You should have acted on her advice.
Will you try to play the trumpet?
Most college students use computers mainly for writing papers.
When did TV appear?
Bill can speak Japanese a little.
It was a one-sided love affair.
With more education, he would have found a better job.
Read chapter 4 for Friday.
Everybody is calling for sweeping reforms.
Mike said that he would come.
It's nearly lunchtime. Why don't we stop to have a bite to eat?
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
We beat about for a solution to the problem.
Kyoto was the former capital of Japan.
Are you doing anything special?
For what reason did you cry?
How are you getting along with your English study?
There was a large garden behind the house.
Can you tell me where the nearest zoo is?
He asked me what was the matter with me.
You should be a thought more careful.
The prince was lost in the woods.
If I could have a wish, I'd wish I could make up for lost time.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
I'm looking for a navy blue raincoat, size 36.
The bad weather prevented us from leaving.
Without hesitating, the dean selects infinite wisdom.
I have not finished the task yet.
Is there a bus service?
Is something wrong with you?
Would you like to take in a movie?
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
They are all the same.
Those books are always in great demand.
I went to the zoo yesterday.
Drivers must observe the traffic rules.
I was glad to hear of your success.
Robbers wrecked the mail train.
If something goes wrong, you should attend to it at once.
The English are generally a conservative people.
There's a telephone in the hall.
I was worried about my mistakes at first.
Exercise trains the muscles.
We need to distinguish right from wrong.
The party is over.
I was leaving home when Tom telephoned me.
Who do you think you are?
This is an extremely well run company.
He told me the story of his life.
I don't feel up to running to the station.
It rained continuously all day.
Where? I'd like to take one, too.
Ten to one you can pass the test.
Let's take a walk for a change.
You'd better take your umbrella, just in case it rains.
What's eating you?
Please refrain from pushing forward.
When school was over, we went home.
After much debate, we decided to spend our holidays in Spain.
Hurry up, and you will be able to catch the train.
The room charge is 100 dollars a night.
Six percent home loans represent the industry average now.
I tried everything to keep him alive.
As the day got cooler, I had to put on a sweater.
Who else came to the party?
The ship from New York will arrive before long.
Chiefly, I want you to be more frank.
I got a little revenge on him.
If you're busy, I'll help you.
We were just talking about you when you called.
Can I go out to play, Dad?
It is raining heavily.
Some wise guy left the milk out of the refrigerator all night.
Don't mourn over the loss of your loved one too long.
Henry has no more than six dollars.
I put great value on your knowledge about it.
Help me with my homework, please.
The advancement of modern medicine was a long process.
School begins in spring.
It is up to you whether we can succeed or not.
You should give up smoking and drinking.
He has been warned on several occasions.
That's the snag.
I'd like to see that in black and white.
A fire broke out near my house.
It was my first night among strangers.
Yes, I'll be right there.
I'll give you this pendant.
More and more people offered to help.
May I put it on again?
What was served at the party?
The Bakers have a farm up the river.
I wish for once I could be something.
Last call!
Could we have a table in the corner?
It was not long before he knew it.
First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
You've filled out.
I will give you back the CD in a week.
May I see your passport?
Not knowing what to do, I stood there silently.
You have to raise your hand if you want to speak at the meeting.
If you are to succeed in the exam, you must study hard.
Many young Japanese travel overseas these days.
You're old enough to know better.
You had better set some money apart for your wedding.
Famine caused great distress among the people.
We took his success for granted.
First, catch your hare, then cook him.
Are there movies on the plane?
What is that thing in your right hand?
How dare he complain?
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
Germany borders on France.
And I testify that this is the Son of God.
That is why I was late for class yesterday.
Mary likes milk very much.
On behalf of my classmates, let me say a few words of thanks to you.
Knock on the door.
The doctor says she suffers from rheumatism.
Fishing just isn't my line.
Leave me alone.
I will go cycling even if it rains.
The trip was canceled because of the terrible storm.
We argued politics.
Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?
Put some water into the vase.
We are against war.
Hello, it's me. Could you come pick me up at the station?
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.
With a little more care, he wouldn't have failed.
It's time to work now. Let's get down to business.
Tom is flush with money since he got paid today.
I'll explain how to take this medicine.
Mathematics is not just the memorization of formulas.
Far from being a failure, it was a great success.
It's about time we went to bed.
Mayuko made a fair copy of the draft.
I couldn't make out what he meant by 'megafeps'.
The bus was two minutes early.
We finally got rid of our old car.
I found the box empty.
The door remained closed all day.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the train.
Some doctors say things to please their patients.
It's a wonderful work of art.
Yo, my man!
Mary has become very fond of Charles.
The game was called off because it suddenly started raining.
It is careless of you to say such things.
Try on this new suit to see if it fits well.
She ran as fast as she was able to.
Milk can be made into butter, cheese, and many other things.
Fruits have seeds in them.
Beth is unqualified for such a responsible post.
I want an MP3 player!
It takes you an hour to go to the station on foot.
How can you have a laptop and not a cell phone?
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.
I think he is Mr Brown.
We will have a music contest soon.
What subjects do you study at school?
Watching the football game on television was fun.
All right, I will do it again.
We got to the station at six.
Music is universal.
It rained five days on end.
I'm sure it'll be easy to find a place.
If she knew your address, she would write to you.
There are more stars in the sky than I can count.
Will the present make him happier?
Malaria is a disease that mosquitoes carry.
Can you account for all the money you spent?
The success resulted from your efforts.
All you have to do is wait until dark.
It is just an act.
If he carries on like this, he's going to wind up in prison.
Foreign investors backed off because of regional political unrest.
Now that you are a college student, you should know better.
I have a lot of homework to do.
I couldn't see the parade well from where I was.
Your advice is always helpful to me.
Every hospital has a back-up electric generator in case of blackout.
Tony broke it.
I can't even read French, much less speak it.
How did you come by this money?
Would you please open the door?
We have lots of bread, and as for butter, we have more than enough.
First of all, you have to read this book.
You cannot make omelets without breaking eggs.
The house collapsed in an earthquake.
It feels like I've seen her before.
Money does not grow on trees.
When it comes to music I have no ear for it.
Dangerous driving should be punished.
No other man could do my work.
Where are you going on vacation?
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
The flowers give off a very pleasant scent.
I can't figure out what he means.
You must not go out today.
This scenery is magnificent.
There was no one in the room besides Mary and John.
I hurried and managed to catch the bus.
Bring your brother with you.
Tom is so intelligent that he stands out in class.
There is no doubt whatever about it.
My responsibility is to keep the company solvent.
I visited Hokkaido during summer vacation.
Please come thirsty.
If I got rich, I would buy it.
Don't dash off a sloppily written report filled with mistakes.
We waited for hours before help arrived.
I count on your help.
Houses were lined up alongside the highway.
Even if you go away, I'll still passionately love you.
Finally, the discord between them came to an end.
Could you repeat that, please?
You never know what you can do till you try.
Have you cleaned your room yet?
What are you going to have?
Hundreds of boys are playing in the ground.
Though it was raining, we played football.
The sail tightened in the strong wind.
Do you know any Greek myths?
She left me simply because I had a small income.
It will only mean an endless debate.
Chances come rarely in any case.
I know only this.
It seems interesting to me.
At a glance, he knew that the child was hungry.
What was it that you gave him?
They found out truth while examining a pile of relevant documents.
The "prince of darkness" means Satan.
Please try one.
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
If you're sure you're not in a hurry, I can use a little help.
Demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices.
You must stick to your promise.
Above all, Bill was worried about gaining weight.
Sit down, please, he said.
How do you make a box?
Another step, and you would have fallen down the stairs.
I can't believe it!
Your new dress becomes you very well.
We must always do our best.
It was a good five kilometers from the station to the school.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a mere plushy.
I suppose you're hungry.
We were landed on a lonely island.
I'm going to make enlarged copies.
I must take back the money at all costs.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
The brass band members looked very happy.
Just as I went to go out, it began to rain.
Anyone can use this dictionary.
It's high time the children went to bed.
The toast has burned black.
I hadn't bargained on such a heavy traffic jam.
Tom broke the window.
Learn a little at a time.
Talent for music runs in their blood.
It is love that rules the world.
That doesn't matter.
Don't you have anything to do?
Our people thirst for independence.
What's everybody's business is nobody's business.
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
How many rooms are there in your house?
Prices seem to be going down.
We asked several questions of him.
You have to apologize at once when you have done wrong.
Find an empty bottle and fill it with water.
Don't underestimate my power.
How do you account for your absence?
One is new, and the other is old.
Mr Hill went on a journey to Japan yesterday.
Mike made a rude table from the logs.
That's a matter of prime importance.
What do you say to waiting five more minutes?
The men will be happy if they get anything back.
Whatever may happen.
Almost all Japanese boys like to play baseball.
Fundamental instincts will not go away.
The leaves look fresh in the rain.
A poor school record will count against you when you look for a job.
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.
We live in a three-bedroom house.
I didn't mean it.
It is neither good nor bad.
If I were in good health, I could pursue my studies.
What is over there?
Immediately after it caught fire, the chemical factory blew up.
What's the temperature?
If not for music, the world would be a dull place.
Christmas will soon come around.
Scholarly as he is, he can't be relied on.
A sigh fell from her lips.
I'm afraid this job is too much for you.
I hope you will join us in the parade and march along the street.
If you sit back and rest, you will feel much better.
Even times odd is even, odd times odd is odd.
A pistol bullet went clean through his leg.
Will you explain it in plain English?
Sweet scents are borne on soft breezes.
Takeshi looked very much like one of my friends.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from within.
An Englishman is an alien in the United States.
Fine words butter no parsnips.
Red, as opposed to green, is a sign of danger.
That leaves no room for doubt.
There is little wine left.
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to say a few words of welcome.
I'm looking for a bank. Is there one near here?
Life without love is just totally pointless.
Everybody had a good year.
A thief broke into the house to steal the money.
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.
The temperature fell several degrees.
Please put those chairs away.
When does Tony study?
Without the ozone layer, we would be in danger.
You must go through with your plan.
For personal reasons.
After we had walked for some time, we came to the lake.
Please keep quiet.
She's asking how that's possible.
Japan has caught up with Europe and America in medicine.
I am a student at Oxford University.
I'll treat you.
The house was in flames.
Can I sleep out?
You should carry out his offer.
Were it not for air, no creatures could live.
The bus was filled to capacity.
That's like carrying coals to Newcastle.
Too much drinking may be hazardous to your health.
What narrow stairs!
Anticipating a cold winter, we bought a bigger stove.
Kyoto is visited by many tourists.
I must have made a mistake.
If you ever come to town, come to see me.
If I were free, I could help you.
You asked after her? What did she say?
May I see your passport, please?
I feel better when I drink hot lemon juice.
It seemed that the bus had been late.
I don't have anything about which to write.
We will make an exception of your case.
Every dog is alive.
However hard it may rain, we will start tomorrow.
Suppose it rains, what shall we do?
I have a chill.
The doctor told him to cut down on smoking.
A person giving a speech should stand where everyone can see him.
It was all the more depressing because it was raining.
The brunt of criticism was borne by the chairmen.
Nancy is afraid of dogs.
There are isolated rain showers.
Supposing war broke out, what would you do?
Bring me a piece of chalk.
I had rented it the day before.
The cold air revived Tom.
It was this racket that Mike bought yesterday.
Is there a bank where I can exchange yen for dollars?
It's only a small house but it meets my needs perfectly.
What's the bus fare?
Nickel is a hard, silver-white metal.
The train had already started when I got to the station.
Never try to die.
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
You can't eat it just because it is nutritious.
Whatever you say, he won't change his mind.
He jumped out the window.
Since it was raining, I took a taxi.
Choose your favorite racket.
Your idea is definitely worth thinking about.
You are welcome to the use of my yacht.
We all know that Mendel was way ahead of his time.
The seawater stings my cut.
What the devil are you doing?
The handle came away from the door when I grasped it.
I like pizza very much.
Whatever happens, he won't change his mind.
Could you turn down the radio?
Has anything strange happened?
The customer did not come.
It seems that no one knew the truth.
I'm dying to see Paris.
The only way on Earth to multiply happiness is to divide it.
The tourist information center gave a city map to whoever asked it.
When the vacation is over, I will catch up with a lot of work.
Darwin wrote "The Origin of Species".
You should pay attention to your well-being.
It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
What do you say to playing cards?
They are merely different.
May I say something?
It is regrettable that you did not start earlier.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
Tom is the taller of the two boys.
There are some oranges on the table.
Something went off with a loud noise.
Generally speaking, the climate here is mild.
But I have nothing left. I am just an old stump.
The manager blamed himself for the failure.
I have no more desire to eat sweets.
We will someday make the world a better place.
It's easy to lose track of time when you are in Las Vegas.
It is never too late to learn.
I found what I was looking for in the drawers.
It is up to you to decide what to do.
We prevailed over our enemy.
We had a good deal of snow last winter.
That won't happen.
A bridge gives access to the island.
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
Hitler assumed power in 1933.
That sure puts me on the spot.
Don't you feel cold?
Emma was much in evidence during the party.
The driver was thrown from his seat head over heels.
What gate do I board at?
Were it not for your help, I could never succeed.
As head of the team I was ably assisted by him.
It is smaller than Tokyo.
Why? Because his family needed the money, that's why.
Did you make anything I can start on now?
What does this stand for?
Are you feeling sick?
Your opinion is very constructive.
English is spoken in many countries.
Feeling chilly, I turned on the heater.
The eagle dived at its prey.
If it were not for the sun, every living thing would die.
If it were not for water, humans could not survive.
It is concerned with air pollution.
We had an intense competition.
Nancy never fails to write to me once a month.
Would you please tell me the way to the station?
It's a catch.
Not seeing anything in the dark, we couldn't move.
In another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital.
You may swim now.
Could you send up a Band-Aid and some medicine?
More and more people are becoming aware of the dangers of smoking.
We regret his death.
It is pleasant to watch a loving old couple.
I'd like some fish.
Lots of women both run a home and go out to work.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
You have no claim on me.
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.
Few flowers develop into fruit.
How do you like New York?
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.
Your success depends on your efforts.
Fire cannot be prevented by half measures.
To my surprise, she spoke English very well.
Do you think we should send for the doctor?
We stand for liberty.
The express train does not stop between Shibuya and Naka-Meguro.
Either Tom or I must go.
I just wanted to check my email.
The rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis.
How did you like it?
Are there any books under the desk?
After mature reflection, I've decided to accept their offer.
We helped each other to overcome the difficulties.
The pilot flew the airplane.
But the universe is infinite.
What should I bring?
He's got a face like a month of wet Sundays.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
The taxi seemed to go as slowly as a snail.
The British people in general are extremely fond of their pets.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
Surprisingly enough, he turned out to be a thief.
Hardly a day passes that I don't think of you.
The committee are all against it.
I took advantage of a sale and bought three sweaters.
The bear began tearing at the tent.
You must be friendly with your neighbors.
We are likely to get there before dark.
He should get to your house in an hour.
He felt a resentment against his uncle for taking him in.
Tom didn't have dinner last night.
Don't brake suddenly.
You should know what to read.
You must on no account do such a thing.
The cost of operating schools continued to rise.
The strong wind cut the electric wires in several places.
I am curious.
Why does everything happen to me?
A fashion model must have a good carriage.
In New York I lost my way.
We will help him if he asks us.
Strange to say, he met someone who was said to be dead.
Our factory needs a lot of machinery.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
The wholesalers might try to back out of the deal.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
It was the greatest joy that I have ever experienced.
The station is two miles away.
She alone is able to use the personal computer.
If he is absent, we will not have an English test.
It is at best a second-rate hotel.
Please remain seated.
All my haste was in vain.
The athlete was full of spirit and confidence.
I wouldn't go with you for anything.
Mike is the tallest of the three.
How did you come to school?
Please tell me how I can get in touch with him.
If you try very hard, you will succeed.
We can see thousands of stars in the sky.
There were no more than five passengers in the bus.
Do you enjoy plays, films and such?
A long train of camels was moving to the west.
How well can you play guitar?
There was a sharp rise in prices last year.
There is a time for everything.
In the end it is not possible to fully know somebody else.
As a rule, we have a lot of rain in the fall.
A car passed by at top speed.
How dare you speak to me like that?
Rome is a city worth visiting.
If you had parked your car here, you would have been fined.
I got next to nothing.
His argument is more radical than yours.
Where did you get this?
We set to work with all our might and main.
The family is the basic unit of society.
I really feel like a beer.
Will you send for a doctor?
Let's be going now.
How many pieces of carry-on are you going to take?
Bacon and eggs is his order.
Did you hear that, Mike?
It is risky for you to go into that area alone.
I have seen little of him of late.
Fire burns.
Ok, let's give it a try.
My dog follows me whenever I go.
It's a long road with no curves.
Your pen is better than mine.
Why do you ask?
I beg your pardon?
Many dogs are alive.
If I had been with you, I could have helped you.
There was little sugar left in the pot.
What did you answer?
I don't know how to put it in Japanese.
Will you join us for a swim?
I don't think that was a wise decision.
Remember to take your umbrella in case it rains.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji again.
I have nothing to boast about.
Of course, you may.
Any comments will be gratefully appreciated.
We sprinkle salt for purification.
What gate is my connection?
Are you for the war or against it?
The monument was set up in the park.
I can't study anywhere in my house. It's too noisy.
There's a phone call for you from Akemi.
You hardly ever work, do you?
A birthday cake with twelve candles on top.
It was raining.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
But of course that was a long time ago.
Science and art must contribute to the promotion of human welfare.
Churches are designated on the map with crosses.
Stay away from the fire.
Please have the maid carry it to my room.
I need your advice.
It's so easy when you know the rules.
The outlook for our business isn't good.
If I were to tell you the truth, you would be surprised.
We must abide by the rules of the game.
The weather this week has been good on the whole.
There is a hospital nearby.
The committee was summoned at once.
The manager assembled the players on the field.
Come and join us.
Getting excited is not at all the same as getting angry.
Be silent in the library, boys.
Do you have a business acquaintance in Randolph., Ltd?
He was punished all the same.
Stop telling those filthy stories.
Bob asked the teacher some questions.
That idea never presented itself to me.
I had not gone far before it began to rain.
How will they amuse the children on a wet afternoon?
I showed my ticket to the doorman and went into the theatre.
See you next week!
You didn't tell him anything?
I prefer being poor to being rich.
Which party do you belong to?
Playing tennis is his hobby.
Don't bother your parents with such a pointless thing.
Not only Bill but also Mac is crazy about computers.
Everybody washed in the kitchen.
I delighted in going to his farm during the summer vacation.
What you've done is profitable only to the enemy.
Her English is better than mine.
You study Chinese history.
I never said I was fragile.
A fierce dog attacked the girl.
The doctor ordered me to stay in bed.
Lightning can be dangerous.
Nuclear war will bring life on this planet to an end.
Be my right-hand man.
The crowd cheered the singer's entrance.
Thank you very much!
What operas are being performed at the Lincoln Center right now?
Well done! Your parents must be proud of you.
Everyone hoped for a snow flurry for Christmas.
Henry James was an American by birth.
You are tallest.
A festival is held at the rice harvest.
We should do away with such a bad custom.
Where can I exchange my dollars for pounds?
When our class performed a play, I took charge of stage effects.
Billy is very tall for his age.
Have you met her before?
I came to Tokyo to attend a conference.
How do you pronounce "pronounce"?
My wife is partial to apple pie.
Science has brought about many changes in our lives.
Mary seems to be bored with the game.
Tom is the tallest in his class.
The doctor advised him not to eat between meals.
You want to leave it like that?
The rich are often misers.
The will is as good as the deed.
It interferes with our industrial development.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
I have some acquaintance with chemistry.
Tom was sitting silent for half an hour.
I haven't seen Rick since he returned from New Zealand.
What sort of flower do you like?
A watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all.
We agreed to start early the next morning.
I'm glad you liked it.
They live there.
The school is only a five-minute walk.
If I'm away from home for a period of time, I will stop mail delivery.
That's really a great idea.
I feel homesick.
Life is beautiful.
The point of the pencil has become dull.
The champion's experience submitted to the young opponent's power.
I've had coffee already.
After all, he succeeded in passing the exam.
All answers must be written according to the instructions.
Sorry...
Please pass me the butter.
I'll be deeply affected by his death.
In a past-oriented society, people dwell on the past and on tradition.
The best approach to Lisbon is by sea.
Don't cut in line.
You may laugh at me.
It was the first gold medal that she had won.
The bus arrived empty.
Many a little makes a mickle.
They announced an increase in tuition fees.
Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
How are you, Tom?
You had better not start until they arrive.
They'll never truly understand the essence of Japanese culture anyway.
I hurt my elbow.
Hanako turned out to be a surprisingly nice person.
We were completely victorious.
Your hair wants cutting.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
I can't express myself in English very well.
What would you like to drink?
I'm not accustomed to getting up so early.
They were most attentive to his speech.
Above all, be careful about what you eat and drink.
Can you tell me the time, please?
It chances that he is off duty today.
How long does Tony run every day?
It was getting dark.
Each time I see this picture, I remember my father.
It being rainy, I could not go out.
Mary played the role of an old woman in the play.
English is not my native language.
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.
At last, the students resorted to violence.
Mary has finished her Japanese assignment.
Linda can dance as well as Meg.
Send for the doctor.
I understand now why he didn't go to a university.
We have had enough of rain.
Where was Tom born?
There is a small teacup and an egg on the table.
Give me a break, will you?
Distant things look blurred.
There nothing so difficult but it becomes easy by practice.
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
Our team is gaining ground.
Having heard it so many times, I can recite the poem by heart now.
There is an apple under the desk.
Don't waste your time on trifles.
She had no way to know about it.
What are you doing so hard?
There are many books, aren't there?
If you want any more wine, go to the cellar and get some.
Is Bob right?
I got more and more bored as the speech went on.
Don't spend so much time watching TV.
It began to rain cats and dogs.
What a gorgeous coat you're wearing!
By the way, what time will you go there?
Never be this late again.
If you can't come, send someone in your stead.
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
Millions of trees have been cut down for fuel.
Which of your parents do you take after in character?
Come first, talk later.
I can't help it.
Few people know each other well.
Franklin was known for his common sense.
We season with salt.
We have kept in constant touch for twenty years.
It was such a boring speech that I fell asleep.
You can see it, but you cannot take it away.
What kind of wine do you have?
What little money he earned he spent on books.
Running as fast as she could, she still failed to catch the bus.
What time is it by your watch?
I've got to leave soon.
I was just mugged.
Bread is made from flour, water and yeast.
I don't want to be lame; I want to be cool!!
If I had more time, I would learn how to dance.
Why did you come home so late?
I left off work for a few hours to see the doctor.
Fish and red wine don't go together.
What a fine day it is!
You need not telephone me.
We tried to project our analysis into the future.
Getting to the bus stop, he found the bus had left.
Please keep the fire from going out.
The heart-shaped pond is the pride of the royal couple.
We considered the problem from all angles.
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
Meanwhile, a new year began.
I have spent a lot of money on my house.
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.
How's the weather in New York?
Pasteur experimented with bacteria.
Can you do without an English dictionary?
Surrounded by the sea, Japan has a mild climate.
I rushed out of my house.
Paul went to the party in place of his father.
We've come to the conclusion that this is a true story.
Holy cow!
I'll have two hot dogs with mustard and ketchup.
Even if I admit that, I cannot agree with you.
You're a friend of Tom's, eh?
We'll meet some time soon.
All we need now is action, not discussion.
The Mississippi River flows into the Gulf of Mexico.
The farmer that lived nearby came to investigate.
Won't you have some fruit?
Give me a light, would you?
Are there enough chairs to go around?
Mr. Kato, living in Paris, misses the family he left behind.
That is not what the narrative is about.
We can clearly see the cycle of the seasons in Canada.
Never mind.
Now that we're alone, let's have fun.
I am a lapsed vegetarian.
Do you know a good specialty store dealing in herbs?
A musician can appreciate small differences in sounds.
There were a lot of people in the stadium.
Years of farm work have hardened his body.
It's a problem any way you look at it.
The value of the yen has soared.
I cannot speak English, much less Spanish.
They conducted the following experiment to collect the data.
Tom is not yet able to swim.
Without air and water, nothing could live.
The chairman rejected his absurd proposal.
The classroom was full of pupils.
After several delays, the plane finally left.
Mary is cute. So is Jane.
Please rid me of this pain.
It goes without saying that we must all observe traffic signals.
We prayed for rain.
Bob mounted the portrait in a fancy frame, but it was upside down.
You can see for miles from the roof.
Look out! There's a hole in the road.
The bride came into the room, with everyone staring at her.
Seen from a distance, it looked like a human face.
I met nobody on my way home.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Smoking on duty is not allowed.
It's a pity that you couldn't come.
I have an idea.
You are acting beyond your position.
If your windows are not airtight, moisture will seep in.
Please give me a cup of milk.
Bill may be watching this game at the stadium.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way back to our tent.
You didn't leave me shit.
The picnic was held in the gym on account of the rain.
Come on, Bill.
Where do I book a bus tour?
I forget your phone number.
Oh, you'll get used to it soon!
Spring will soon come.
That is somewhat explained at the end.
You are to stay here.
Every day of thy life is a page in thy history.
In opening the door, I broke the lock.
Brian left for New York.
You may as well wait for a while. It'll clear up soon.
The pupils burst out laughing.
I have only half as many books as he.
I lost my balance on the muddy road.
Twenty people perished in the blaze.
Leave me alone!
Don't take it literally. He is inclined to exaggerate.
Roy denied having visited her yesterday.
Come what may, I am determined to accomplish it.
We went to London last year.
Hunger is one of the greatest social miseries.
It is the correct approach to modern ski technique.
The situation has come to the point where we either sink or swim.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Please write with a pen.
Would you come here a moment?
Smile at me, please.
I sleep on my side.
Few people, if any, could survive a nuclear war.
Why are you so hard on him?
Would you join me in a drink?
One question was what I was going to be.
During my stay in London, I met him.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean it.
I am sorry that I have troubled you so much.
It is horrible to see.
First of all, we must dismiss the cook.
Well, you may be right.
Being objective means not telling everybody whose side you are on.
I can't recollect how to do it.
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
Every girl knows that singer.
It took many years to build it.
We used to compete furiously in college.
I'm just sorting out some suitable clothes to take on holiday.
The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy.
A bad cold caused the singer to lose his voice.
What is the price?
Indeed. He is young, but smart for his age.
I'm looking forward to seeing you soon.
I'd like to have a good talk with her.
We will get to Tokyo Station at noon.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
There was a sudden change in her tone.
There is much truth in what you say.
What are you going to do about it?
Something has happened to my right eye.
Prices depend on supply and demand.
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year.
Tend to your own affairs first.
At last, the day has arrived for us to act.
It's secret.
A group of gangsters stole money.
I will be glad to help you.
Fishing is not in my life.
You must judge for yourself.
There are rumors in the air.
I want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
I'm a coward when it comes to cockroaches.
I can't eat any more.
Just run down to the post office, won't you?
We should not be influenced in our decisions by our prejudices.
It is not my intention to return.
He may have absented himself from school the day before yesterday.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
Never too much of anything.
It's often cold, so overcoats are advisable.
It was pitch black outside.
Push the door open.
He is, without question, the best man for the job.
You should have attended the meeting.
Can you pay off your loans in a year?
How far are you going for a drive?
Yes, I'm coming immediately.
The summer vacation ended all too soon.
Why does he look black?
How about going to a movie?
You look pale.
Regular exercise is beneficial to good health.
Terrible shooting broke out the night before last.
When left alone, he cried to his heart's content.
Tony thought about the factory and the shops.
Granting that favor is out of the question.
Our earnings are in proportion to our real ability.
Brian looks blue.
I heard the school bell ring.
How would you like to go to a dance?
I've just washed the dishes.
It came apart.
I would like you to go instead of me.
Your daughter is not a child anymore.
Bob rushed into the classroom.
Where would I find books?
If I were you, I would apply for the scholarship.
It is surprising that your wife should object.
We climbed higher so that we might get a better view.
Keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health.
The seaside is an ideal spot for the children to play.
We suggested Kyoritsu Bussan approach you for assistance.
Only a few students understood the matter.
Thank you for granting your permission.
As soon as I went out, it began to rain.
Where would you like to go?
Daddy was in his office, under our flat.
The meeting will take place next Monday.
Have you got a match?
We Japanese live on rice.
Bob filled the pot with water.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
The king was famous for his splendid palace.
You must allow for his youth.
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
The bike ride told on Louie.
You told him that he should have a reward.
Meg and Ken sat on the bench.
Can you come to the party?
I'd like to know the exact exchange rate for yen.
The sound of the violin is very sweet.
I doubt whether it is true or not.
I can't think of the right words with which to express my thanks.
I don't know what to open it with.
Say it in English.
Thousands of people visited the city.
The yen rose to the dollar.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
When Mary was spoken to by a stranger, she was at a loss for words.
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.
If it were not for books, life would be boring.
Let me see it.
We made arrangements to meet at 6 p.m. on Monday.
You had better not keep company with him.
It already has taken me hours.
That'll be a cold day in hell.
There cannot be any tea left in the pot.
I feel that something is wrong.
You look green.
All you have to do is to learn this sentence by heart.
The boy standing by the door is my brother.
Nancy looks so tired.
However busy you may be, you must do your homework.
I don't have time to take any more pupils.
How happy I am!
Curses, like chickens, come home to roost.
Why don't we shake on it?
TV has robbed us of our enjoyment of conversation at dinner at home.
Bob came here, didn't he?
We were just talking about you.
The taxi stopped dead at the traffic signal.
I don't have the slightest idea what to do.
She sings well, to be sure, but she can't act.
Someone stole my passport.
We have decided to adopt your idea.
I thought it was true.
It admits of no doubt.
If you go on at that rate, you will surely fail.
You'd better leave at once so that you don't miss the bus.
It will be three months before our house is completed.
The net economy is booming.
We walked among the trees.
You do not necessarily have to go there yourself.
Smokers are asked to occupy the rear seats.
Won't you stay for tea?
Or would it be like falling asleep?
In my hurry I bumped into someone.
You had better not wake me up when you come in.
Tobacco acts on the brain.
Competition is not bad in itself.
I may as well go now.
I'll be glad to.
Helen is in love with his personality.
You shouldn't read people's private letters without permission.
I'm going to rock the boat.
Don't hesitate. Speak out.
Dry your face with a towel.
There is no surface difference between them.
We had to start for America at short notice.
But, she has never offered much excitement in the bedroom.
The professor's boring lecture put me to sleep.
If it were not for air and water, we could not live.
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
This is a pun.
Despite adversity, the architect achieved worldwide fame.
Tom is two years senior to me.
I did not miss my purse until I returned home.
Luckily, he found a good seat.
What's the reason that made you call me?
I couldn't get in touch with him.
The mouse ran and the cat ran after him.
Do it yourself by all means.
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.
Where should I sit?
Come off it!
I'd like to get a view of the ocean.
I have no words to express my gratitude.
How's your diet kick?
I wish I could.
Show me some others.
It is still light outside.
Take a rest.
Even if you don't like rum, try a glass of this.
Let's not play tennis.
Hold on, please.
I shone a flashlight into the dark room.
I could not eat another bite.
Be more careful. Rushing through things is going to ruin your work.
You walk too fast for me to keep up with you.
Is there a bank near the station?
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
It was a blow to us.
Instead of going myself, I sent a messenger.
Most people think I'm crazy.
The rain lasted four days.
Just then, the bus stopped.
It takes two hours to go there by bus.
The ambulance broke down in the middle of the busy avenue.
I drank too much. My face is swollen!
It is strange that you should fail.
He is a nice person, to be sure, but not very clever.
How did you come to know her?
It's time you had a dose of your medicine.
I'll punch your lights out!
He speaks German, not to mention English.
You have a regular pulse.
Mayuko can't bear living alone.
Teaching spontaneous thinking is difficult in schools.
This company owes its success to him.
That's how I came to know her.
Everybody is relying on you.
The driver felt like taking a rest.
Tom is first in his class.
There is nothing the matter with the motor.
If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
It can't be measured in terms of money.
Let's get together and talk it over.
It's not good to read in a dark room.
The footnotes are at the bottom of the page.
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
If you don't have money, you have to do without.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
What's up?
Stop it. You're being ridiculous.
I know what you mean.
If I were in your place, I would not do so.
Everybody was thrilled by his story.
It is not necessarily so.
Fasten your seat belt when you drive.
You can type, can't you?
Hey, Bob. Where do you have your car washed?
He says he can't go without wine even for a day.
The consensus indicates that we are opposed to the proposed idea.
I like the way you smile.
I wonder if you have something to write with.
I want a lot more.
Open the cupboard to the left, the bottles are in there.
Nancy comes from what we call the aristocracy.
My cheeks burn.
Who buys this type of art?
The meeting will be put off.
The movie is now showing at a theater near you.
What had kept him from coming to the party?
You have a good sense of humor.
You have the same racket as I have.
You must not depend so much on others.
Mummy and I moved into the hall.
Yes, it hurts.
Have you written all the New Year's cards already?
The doctor emphasized that the patient had only a few days.
Let me have a look at it.
The modem was built into the computer.
There are not any books under the desk.
Cheap apartment houses are multiplying rapidly.
Do you have a minute?
If I find your passport, I'll call you at once.
You're her daughters.
I only hope that the rain holds off for a few hours more.
If I were you, I should not do such a thing.
Everything is theoretically impossible until it's done.
I've got a pacemaker.
My aunt lives in New York.
So I ran to my father's restaurant.
People in general are against the new law.
The ball rolled into the stream.
You should pay your debts.
The suspension bridge is miles above.
The doctor suggested that he should give up smoking.
But we don't have anything in common at all.
Are you on the committee?
I ran as quickly as I could.
For thy sake, tobacco, I would do anything but die.
The hall was filled to capacity.
It may occur at any moment.
The president addressed his students as follows.
A spontaneous fire started in the hay.
All my family is very well.
We will be willing to make a deal with you after the auction.
Tommy, can you hear me?
If you don't know, you had better ask around.
They sell fish and meat.
Dick forced me to agree with his plan.
I'd like something to eat.
Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
What made him change his mind?
At last, Ken achieved his goal.
Can I fix you a hot drink?
Napoleon's army has advanced to Moscow.
You've got your priorities backwards.
It was a daring adventure, full of thrill and excitement.
Is there any danger?
It is located at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
There has been another case of cholera in the neighborhood.
My patience has come to the breaking point.
The sky was ablaze with fireworks.
Are seats available?
The radio will not work.
They are so much alike that I don't know which is which.
When an ill wind blows it does good to no one.
May I have a program?
Apply within.
I'd like to set it to the movie channel.
It is written in easy English.
Comb your hair before you go out.
I feel terrible about my mistake.
It's time to get aboard.
It may be all right.
If you don't go, I won't, either.
Which train takes us to Kamakura?
There's a nice Thai restaurant near here.
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.
In the tent we talked and talked.
Study hard, or you'll fail the exam.
Blend milk and eggs together.
Can you smell something burning? "Oh, I went and burnt the toast."
Why do so many people visit Kyoto?
It is beneath my dignity to ask a favor.
After rain comes fair weather.
Did you call him yet?
Day will break soon.
Fasten the rope to the tree.
As long as it doesn't get cold, it's okay.
I am losing my patience with you.
Where can I park?
The weather is threatening.
Mary can speak Japanese.
It is so humid in summer here.
How many cars does the Tsubasa have?
I will help him no matter what you say.
Could we have a table in the smoking section?
She advised me where to stay.
I want to see him no matter what.
They are very big apples.
We have no such example.
I didn't know what to say.
We saw a bird in the distance.
We made a promise to meet at school.
With the power of imagination, we can even travel through space.
I feel like taking a rest.
A pizza topped with mozzarella is my first choice.
I'm out of breath after running up the stairs.
It raises a red flag for businessmen.
You don't have to wince like that. I'll fix it so it doesn't hurt.
There are few, if any, such mistakes.
Sorry I didn't e-mail you sooner.
The artist captured the charm of the lady.
You shouldn't expect things to be easy.
That is no business of yours.
It was a complete failure.
How do you go to school?
The doctor examined the patients.
What put such an idea into your head?
You have only to touch the button.
Why is it so hot?
Rats leave a sinking ship.
They are much better than Western baths.
He isn't going to be forgotten in any case.
The rain never let up all night.
Easter will soon come around.
Much still remains to be done.
If it were not for air and water, nothing alive would exist.
If he were here, what would he say?
Since it was raining, we stayed at home.
The pilot landed the airplane in the field.
Please give me a glass of milk.
As a rule, I go to school before eight o'clock.
My film has run out.
I will have read Hamlet three times if I read it again.
You have no business complaining about the matter.
It's been snowing all night.
We thought it wrong that you should punish him.
But for the safety belt, I wouldn't be alive today.
Don't forget about us!
It was careless of you to leave your umbrella in the taxi.
About what time?
The cows looked big and docile.
That is not the case.
We often compare life to a journey.
In the car on the way home, he was making plans for the next day.
I had no idea that you were coming.
The train was derailed.
I have little appetite due to lack of exercise.
Opinions are divided on the issue of taxes.
With a little more patience, you would have succeeded.
It is dark outside.
My physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being.
That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.
I think I will have one more ice cream cone.
Please let me know what you want.
My advice is for you to go home.
We were watching TV when the bell rang.
Not to mince matters, I don't want you to come to our party.
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?
I don't feel like waiting any longer.
You ought to thank him.
Let no one appropriate a common benefit.
Cows live on grass.
We've been matched up with some strong teams this year.
Our company has a long, long history.
You must study hard to have success in school.
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness.
He has enough money to buy it.
If you don't have anything to do, look at the ceiling of your room.
How is it that you can speak this language?
Another war, and we will be ruined.
It goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness.
I have simply nothing to say about it.
How about eating out with me?
Here is my bicycle.
Space travel was thought to be impossible.
I can't let the matter drop.
I found myself lying in my bedroom.
You establish the property right by paying for it.
I trust that I can see you again.
It seems warm outside.
A doctor should never let a patient die.
Watching movies is very interesting.
The machines are idle now.
Answer in English.
As it is written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
It was not long before I got a call from him.
Please help yourself to the cookies.
Lucy is a student from America.
Beethoven goes to the piano, sits down at it, and begins to play.
The drains are blocked up.
The bell rang, and the train began to move.
Mary is not used to being made fun of.
Do you like French wines?
It looks like your hard disk is fragmented.
How is cheerleading practice?
Can the report be true?
I was astonished to hear what had happened.
Why did you turn down his request for a pay rise?
Bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them.
The bellboy will show you to your room.
Tastes in music vary from person to person.
Are you aware that Okinawa is closer to China than to Honshu?
You don't have to go to the trouble of getting an umbrella.
Mr Tamori, may I introduce Mr Sanma Akashiya?
I had a bad stomach-ache.
More people live in the northern part of the city.
Charlie's father advised him to become a teacher.
Loose jackets are the latest fad.
Your conclusion is highly arguable.
Do you have anything to say in particular?
See how far you can jump.
That is a good idea.
Almost all the leaves have fallen.
We were all surprised at the appointment of Mr Brown as director.
I am indeed very glad to hear that.
Mr Ford is all right now.
Could you reduce the price a little?
Do you have bread for lunch?
Will you give me a lift to the station?
Do you know where Miss Hudson lives?
No amount of money can buy happiness.
Then let us begin.
You may take anything you like.
Bread is baked in an oven.
We have two television sets.
In any case, it's none of your business.
I'll gain weight again!
The pilot hinted that it might be a UFO.
The load was too heavy for a driver to carry alone.
It doesn't matter whether it rains or shines.
No matter where you go, you will find no place like home.
Tom is the proper boy for the job.
Rose was blowing bubbles.
Where is it hidden?
Maybe it will be exactly the same for him.
We played golf in spite of the rain.
Shall we take a rest?
She is in her element when it comes to tennis.
If you haven't driven a bike yet, you should give it a shot.
How long does it take to walk to the station?
Why couldn't you sleep last night?
Tell me what makes you so depressed.
The rat made a hole in the wall.
Open the door.
I don't want it anymore.
Mr Brown speaks Japanese very well.
Once upon a time, there lived an old man.
No, don't go yet.
I can't finish the job in so short a time.
The lion and the tiger are two different species of cat.
Taxis stood in a rank in front of the station.
Not having heard from him, I wrote to him again.
So the doctor started to examine her.
I am writing a study of the French Revolution.
Please light a candle.
The bus has already gone.
Parents aren't rational because love isn't rational.
Take heart and do it again.
The nurse gave me a shot.
Let's play cards.
Let's not argue for the sake of arguing.
I feel very feverish.
A good teacher must be patient with his pupils.
Tom is in bed with a fever.
I cannot put up with the noise any longer.
Do you mind turning on the TV?
First beat the eggs and add them to the soup.
A bookkeeper computes all the company's income and expenses each week.
Where can I find a shuttle bus?
I'm very short of money.
Does anyone want some more pie?
You may have good reason to think that your youth is over.
I wouldn't sell that at any price.
From time to time she stopped and looked round.
Custom, then, is the great guide of human life.
I have to get some new clothes.
How I wish I could swim.
Can I use your telephone?
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.
Ritsuko is something of an authority on the subject.
Can you throw a fastball?
All right. I'll come as soon as possible.
I'd like something light.
I ordered you to get out.
Cattle were grazing in the field.
What does it involve?
The taxi is waiting outside.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is going to snow.
How far are you going?
Can you tell me where the nearest courtesy phone is?
I'm sorry we gave you such short notice of our visit.
See to it that the door is locked at 10.
The taxi drew up to me.
Have you finished reading that book yet?
It's a phone call from a Mr Brown.
That's not a useful piece of information.
Please sit at the table.
Each speaker was allotted five minutes.
Do you have a lighter?
Well, I have a suggestion to make.
Nancy seems to lack sincerity.
Plenty of people were waiting for the bus.
Mary and I remained firm friends for years.
It took a load off my mind when our team won the championship.
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.
Put price labels on each individual item.
Could you show me that necktie?
You should read about the careers of great men.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
They've all gone to see the film.
Were I in your position, I would oppose that plan.
Television is a very important medium for giving information.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
It will be dark soon.
I was at my wit's end as to how to act.
We are excited about having you on our team.
You can hear English on Channel 1, and Japanese on Channel 7.
I have seen much of him lately.
How much is the bus fare?
He grunted his thanks.
There are many Japanese restaurants in New York.
I'll get some glasses.
Mary threw her arms around her father's neck.
How did you embody your idea?
Thanks to you, I spent all my money.
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.
We must think about friends.
The hall resounded with pealing bells.
Suddenly the heavens opened.
I only have toast and coffee in the morning.
He's an old timer.
Some medicine does us harm.
Have you been to London before?
Don't forget to flush the toilet.
A thousand yen is owed to you.
If you want to eat at Raffle's, you must reserve weeks ahead.
You invited me to your party, but I can't make it this time.
It is not my part to meddle in your affairs.
As a rule, the inhabitants of warm countries keep early hours.
Can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity?
Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
I think I'll start with a bottle of beer.
The cheap dollar is charging up exports.
I'm studying English.
You are too negligent of those around you.
How can I get to heaven?
Tom will have breakfast early tomorrow.
If I had money, I would buy that camera. As it is, I cannot buy it.
Work as hard as you can.
How do you like living on your own?
Indeed he may be a little dull, but he is diligent.
I shouldn't have logged off.
A bare word of criticism makes her nervous.
How long have you looked after this rose garden?
Tell me about your plan.
See you tonight, then. Cheers!
I was just thinking of a new job.
If I don't know the table manners, it doesn't really matter.
The argument ended in a fight.
He must be crazy to do such a thing.
Why did she interrupt me?
I would rather let him have his own way.
I wonder why he is so angry.
We are sorry for his mistake.
You all right?
She has always done her best to make their life easier.
This sounds very interesting.
Better late than never.
The weather being rainy, the baseball game was cancelled.
Should I take the bus?
While listening to the radio, I fell asleep.
How many flights to New York do you offer a week?
Could you tell me which way I should go?
I always liked mysterious characters more.
You must keep your eyes open.
Everyone more or less likes showing off in public.
You can use the delivery service for a small additional charge.
Mozart was greater than any other composer of his time.
More have repented speech than silence.
How about inviting Meg to the party?
I have been told that I am pragmatic, and I am.
The bus drivers are on strike today.
He's kicking me!
Look, she said.
What time did you arrive there?
Do you need me to give you some money?
We didn't help him, so he did it off his own bat.
Yes, I spoke with the company president.
The doctor can cure your son of the disease.
My memory of that is still vivid.
You need not have come here so early.
I can't see what you mean.
Insofar as possible, our examples will be drawn from English.
They have all been through wind tests.
The brightness of the sky showed that the storm had passed.
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.
Tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time.
It's been nice talking to you, but I really must go now.
Did Paula study for today's test?
I'll have exams right after the summer holidays.
There was a large audience at the concert.
None were satisfied.
To lose face means to be humiliated.
There was a time when kings and queens reigned over the world.
The bus stop is close by.
Those children are potential customers.
Don't you talk in the classroom.
What number bus do I take?
That sort of thing can happen when you are in haste.
I'll speak to him at the first opportunity.
In summer, we used to go swimming in the river.
She got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work.
You should lay by something against a rainy day.
Happy Valentine's Day.
The doctor gave it to her.
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.
Do you have any foreign stamps?
I have no idea how much it costs.
I hope you had a good time at the party.
Machinery robs work of creative interest.
Any child can enjoy the story.
You must do the work, even if you do not like it.
They aren't my books.
At long last he made up his mind to propose to her.
What marvelous weather.
The desk drawer is open.
As he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
We went to Lake Towada on a school excursion.
Either you or she has to go there.
If you pump air into a tire, it expands.
You must not idle away.
Even if you have your own way, you will not always be successful.
You must be careful when crossing a busy street.
Anyone with an opinion please raise their hand.
He bore the future of the company on his shoulders.
Don't say it in a roundabout way.
Where's the nearest library?
Won't it keep until later?
What time does the cab leave for the airport?
When did you finish it?
Let's get off the bus.
Finally she attained a position of power.
Don't look to me for any help except in case of emergency.
There are many places to visit in Kyoto.
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
We must defend our freedom at all cost.
My mistake cost me my fortune.
The fish is burnt black.
Push the job and get it done this week.
Exercise makes your body strong.
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.
I was very scared of snakes.
Their plot to start a fire was discovered by the police.
We have to avoid the nuclear war by all means.
It won't be long before he is up and about.
It's getting colder and colder.
You can't go out.
Our plan will call for a lot of money.
I think I have a theory about that.
And what are we going to do?
Geometry, about which I know nothing, seems like a very dull subject.
The scores are low because the task is cognitively demanding.
The revolutionary council met to plan strategy.
The marathon will be held, rain or shine.
You must put these mistakes right.
The students have taken no notice of these instructions.
I was aching for a cigarette.
I don't know why the meeting was postponed.
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
You don't have a temperature.
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.
The lions fought with each other to get food.
What if he should happen to come late?
But it's a typical savannah country, and we enjoy cooler temperatures.
A man of learning is not always a man of sense.
Eventually the cruel man was sentenced to jail.
I'm so hungry that I could eat a horse.
It is easy for you to solve this problem.
Any task may become painful.
How long have you been living out of a suitcase?
Can you hear the noise of the waves on the beach?
Is there any space for one more person?
All our effort ended in failure.
Do you love music?
You have a tendency to talk too fast.
Throw the ball back to me.
Each man stood up in turn and introduced himself.
It got dark, and what was worse, it began to rain.
To my surprise, he had a beautiful voice.
Please turn it on.
He makes no bones about admitting it.
I don't know what Mary is looking for.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
It won't be long before a warm spring comes.
Can you give me a better price?
Have you finished doing your homework yet?
Please let me take your picture.
Butter is sold by the pound.
It was a week of alternating snow and rain.
Come on! We're going to be late.
If you can use this typewriter perfectly in a month, you may keep it.
Neither team played well in the game.
Whatever happens, please remember I'll stand by you.
I like it very much.
Mary weighed it in her hand.
Two dogs fight for a bone, and the third runs away with it.
A number of cars are parked in front of my house.
Hawking went back to his studies.
Gunpowder needs to be handled very carefully.
If you try at all, you should try your best.
Peter's very tall. He takes after his father.
You worked hard, or you would have failed.
Mary swims as fast as Jack.
Some plants are quickly affected by cold.
You must be out of your mind to say that.
You have no sense of direction.
Raise your right hand.
The new houses are of a uniform height.
As a matter of course, she passed the examination.
I look forward to receiving your reply as soon as possible.
The fireworks were set off on all sides.
Macbeth raised an army to attack his enemy.
I'm fed up with always backing you up.
Why do you skip lunch every day?
Most girls think that they are pretty.
It's for a friend of mine.
The settlers learned that the land in the valley was fertile.
It took Brian several hours to write a card.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
It was an exciting story and he told it well.
You are responsible for what you have done.
I thought you'd be the last person to do such a thing.
It fell short of my expectation.
Do your best in anything you do.
Put your affairs in order.
Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
Can you get the door to shut?
So I will see him running on the way to school today.
The thrush sings each song twice over.
Our advance was checked.
How can I get rid of him?
What do you mean?
Thanks to the bad weather, the game was canceled.
We all shuddered from the great shock.
We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
I can't thank you enough.
I feel like a drink.
I've lost my glasses.
First, I'll try to understand why he thinks so.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Technology has differentiated our cultures.
He exceeds all his brothers in scholastic ability.
A lack of rain caused wild plants to die.
Helen, this is my cousin.
Living in the town is quite different from living in the country.
Please think it over and let me know your decision.
I think it's true.
I have nothing particular to say.
They have no more wine.
It is fun to speak in English.
I have finally regained my regular form.
I need some get-up-and-go.
Smoking is harmful to health.
I saw him but once.
I ran into an old classmate of mine on my way to the station.
Love is something that you can neither snatch away nor express.
You do me wrong.
Have you ever gone to Paris?
Such behavior gives rise to problems.
If Sue is coming by air, she ought to arrive very soon.
All that you say is perfectly correct.
Could I have a slice of cheesecake?
The lights went out just now.
Tom is accurate at figures.
She took a job in a store for the summer.
You should give up drinking.
The following is his story.
Meg is preparing breakfast.
Cape Dezhnev is 30 miles south of the Arctic Circle.
Please have the porter take the baggage to our room.
You should make the best of your limited time.
To master English is hard.
Speaking English is very difficult for me.
May I ask you to do me a favor?
Just tell me what you'd like me to do.
If you have a good garden, it will enhance the value of your house.
I wonder which way is the shortest.
It will clear up soon.
Mr Brown is her father.
I found that I had left my umbrella behind in the classroom.
You can't feel at ease with a headache.
At last, we reached California.
It is no use worrying about it.
There is no telling what will happen in the near future.
Many were eager to get in on the act.
I will go out if it is fine tomorrow.
I'll take a time-out.
You should have told him the truth.
We got a good price for that.
I cannot figure out why he has done that.
Once gone, you will never get it back.
Odd numbers alternate with even ones.
Mary doesn't dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
Give my shoes a good shine.
It is getting rather late. I think I must be going now.
And where is the money coming from?
What tempted him to propose to her?
I want to know who is coming with us.
If we hurry, we'll make it.
How well she is singing!
Are you angry at what I said?
Those cities have uniform traffic laws.
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.
All the students shouted with joy.
Aside from that, is there anything else you want?
Curious to say, I didn't find it anywhere.
What person who understands music could say that his playing is good?
That's quite another thing.
What is the harm in doing that?
Do you have a pen or a pencil?
We received an immediate answer to our letter.
I saw flashing red lights in my rear-view mirror and my heart sank.
I received your letter yesterday.
I filled a vase with water.
Athletes usually abstain from smoking.
France is in western Europe.
After our first attack, the enemy fled.
Please join the two ends of the tape together.
If you don't study hard, you'll continue to get poor scores.
Judging from the look of the sky, we may have snow tomorrow.
Our insurance policy covers various kinds of damages.
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
Bad weather will ground the plane.
I couldn't call you; the telephone was out of order.
The media got wind of a rumor about his engagement and came quickly.
That is all right.
It's hard for him to live on his small pension.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
All you have to do is try your best.
It is time to feed the sheep.
I leave it in your hands what course of action to take.
I often go swimming at the beach in the summer.
Paul has three sons. They look very much alike.
Tom is able to swim well.
I can't possibly manage it.
It would be wiser of you not to see him again.
I am always helped by you.
Would you like me to call a taxi?
I am quite unhappy about it.
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
You ought to see a doctor.
Where can I put my bag?
Mrs. Baker had her purse stolen.
Everyone says that he's a good man.
What do you usually do on Sundays?
He who hesitates is lost.
Lions feed on flesh.
How do you do, Mrs. Jones?
It is a sin to steal even a pin.
Though she was only twelve years old, Susan knew how to make a living.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
Those are my trousers.
Please answer by telex.
The company is attempting to stagger work hours.
What a fool she is to dabble in stocks!
As Ben Jonson put it, "Speak that I may see thee."
I felt very awkward.
May I ask you some more questions?
You must not be absent from school.
It will be a push-button war of nuclear missiles.
The fire went on for some time before it was brought under control.
We were unable to make contact with them until it was too late.
They are my grandfather's books.
To all appearance it is true.
My ears were ringing from being beaten.
Tell me what you did on your holidays.
What time does the bus leave?
An athlete must keep in good condition.
Is there anything I can do to help?
Sleep and wait for good luck.
Please refrain from smoking without permission.
If I should fail, what would my parents say?
If you are a student, behave as such.
It is true that he is over seventy.
Well, he is baptizing, and everyone is going to him.
Before long, the moon began to appear.
If you should have any trouble, don't hesitate to come to me.
It seems that Tom is unable to solve the problem.
We import tea from India.
I can't for the life of me remember her phone number.
What's the big idea?
Would you play with me?
When does the movie start?
We have just enough to live.
Mike is the youngest in his family.
It is essentially a question of time.
The accountant was blamed for the mistake.
The bill was passed by an overwhelming majority.
Again? Not again!
Why are you drying your hair?
Please behave like an English gentleman.
You'd better hurry up.
My upper right wisdom tooth hurts.
I partly agree with you.
If you like, I will teach you to play chess.
It is bold of you to say such a thing.
The Renaissance established the dignity of man.
Mike swims very well.
Kindly refrain from smoking.
No sound was to be heard.
The boy was bored with home routines that were dull and unchanging.
I wish our classroom were air-conditioned.
How come she hung up on you?
Whatever excuses he may make, I cannot forgive him.
Put out the fire.
Go back to your seat.
Science builds our lifestyle.
What do you say to going to the movies?
You should consult your doctor.
Let me know when you'll return home.
Every bus is full.
In the first place, I discovered that beauty was a full stop.
Have you met the new family on the block?
How many pupils are there in your school?
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
A second is a sixtieth part of a minute.
The differences were minor, so I ignored them.
That had not occurred to him before.
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.
I approve of your plan.
It's already ten o'clock. My mother must be angry.
He's no spring chicken.
The students are for the most part diligent.
Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
The idea that air has weight was surprising to the child.
I've been waiting for hours.
I want you to refurbish the house.
I take my camera wherever I go.
Please tell me which to take.
What's done cannot be undone.
Dan likes to make model cars.
I have a strong backhand.
Hypocrisy is the homage that vice pays to virtue.
I'm tired of your complaints.
It's all up to you.
I've been thinking that I may have been too critical.
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.
I want to drink something cold.
The long wait at the airport was tedious.
Hey, come on. Don't make a face.
I am ready to do anything for you.
But I can't understand them very well.
Why were you late this morning?
It's hard to get to by bike because it's far away.
Why did he stop smoking?
What a lovely day it is!
Television can dull our creative power.
Betty could sing better.
It's an answer to her letter.
Those who possess nothing lose nothing.
The music added to our enjoyment.
Mary is a bookworm.
Clear away the table things.
I do not like Mary's living there alone.
Department stores sell numerous things.
Will you give us a statement?
I am dissatisfied with his manners at the party.
Can you speak English?
What happened, Sally?
Sales have dropped off at every big department store.
You are the man I've been looking for.
If I had known it, I would have gone there.
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend.
Would you mind picking up something on the way back?
To our surprise, our son has suddenly shot up recently.
The dove stands for peace.
She regretted deeply when she looked back on her life.
The meeting lasted two hours.
You're making yourself appear cheap.
We must not go to war again.
At last, we got the information.
Needless to say, diligence is a key to happiness.
I would prefer to speak to you in private.
How long will this rope hold?
The ball hit her in the eye.
You did well not to follow his advice.
Not only you but also I was involved.
The clothes soaked in water overnight were heavy.
I look forward to your next visit.
Tom is very kind.
For the life of me, I couldn't remember his name.
How about a drink?
Can you spare me a few minutes of your valuable time?
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
This is always the way it has been.
Have another cup.
How long have you been alienated from your family?
Mary has been ill in bed since last Monday.
The total at the bottom of the page is carried forward.
I'm at a loss for words.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
There's nothing there.
We have come a long way.
Excuse us for the inconvenience.
Ready money will away.
I felt as if I were in a dream.
I can't get along with the neighbors any more.
Mary often hums a tune as she works in the kitchen.
Please write to me as soon as possible.
Three years have passed since then.
Due to the intense sunlight, his back was sunburnt.
That is well said.
If we suspect others, others will suspect us just as much.
It had an effect alien from the one intended.
Nobody anticipated such a sharp decline in interest rates.
Some of the birds didn't fly.
The length of the article is not to exceed 1000 words.
The church bells are ringing.
I would rather stay at home than go to the movies.
School begins on April the tenth.
It's about time we brought this party to an end, isn't it?
But you're going to owe me one.
These boded you no good.
Just stand there, please.
Our committee consists of ten members.
The summer goods are now on sale.
I can't start up my computer. What am I supposed to do?
You took the words right out of my mouth.
We think nuclear weapons will destroy our earth.
Masaru wants to join the English Club.
It was a purchase which he could not possibly afford.
By the time you get out of jail, she'll probably have gotten married.
May I borrow your pen?
He did not understand what was in the way of his success in life.
In case of an emergency, dial 110.
It makes no difference to me.
It is you who is to blame.
Do you have any good news?
Yumi has much money now.
In case anything happens, call me immediately.
If you care to, come with us.
You ought to have seen the exhibition.
You can't fool me with a trick like that.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
Could you bring me a Time magazine?
Our company decided on flat rate pricing.
I'm not a toothless barking dog.
Press the brake pedal to turn on your brake lights.
Where do you go to school?
Mary put her piano up for sale.
That's just what I was going to say.
During the tour he broke apart from the group and found his own way.
Mr Thomas is a very able teacher.
My heart was filled with happiness.
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
I don't like such sports as boxing and hockey.
Could you make time for me?
What a piece of folly!
Can I have seconds on rice and cabbage?
Would you explain it again?
It is outside my area of study.
We are influenced both by environment and by heredity.
Yes, we have been friends since our childhood.
Say, Mike. Tell me how to get to your house.
I'd like to have a look at your stamp collection.
Where is the nearest lost and found?
Full religious freedom is assured to all people.
In case I am late, you don't have to wait for me.
Please do not touch the record side.
It is dangerous to drive so fast.
The door is closing.
The spaceship is out of orbit around the moon.
We took pride in our strength.
Mars is a promising place where we may be able to live.
It is true that he is young, but he is clever.
The boat was off balance because it was overloaded.
No admittance during the performance.
Do you know who Rie Miyazawa is?
Take a book and read it.
Don't risk your neck over something foolish.
The tile that fell from the roof broke into pieces.
The bus stop is across the street.
Could you speak as slowly as possible?
Please turn on the TV.
You should be careful with a knife.
That would bring only a small price.
There is no time to quarrel over such a thing.
I would often go skating on the lake.
The company is experiencing growing pains now.
Is there a pen on the desk?
Bad habits die hard.
Tom looks like a clever boy.
See which way the cat jumps.
We should always be careful of what we do.
You'll have to manufacture some kind of excuse.
Because no man can speak my language.
You are not the only one responsible for it, I am too.
There wasn't much sugar in the pot.
You will know the truth some day.
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon.
The rain came down in buckets.
Haste makes waste.
Nancy cannot have told a lie.
We gave the performer a round of applause.
I hear from him once in a while.
I wish I didn't have to tell you this, but ...
Work hard, and you will succeed.
To our surprise, he scoffed the lot.
He returned home very late, as was often the case.
The tomato is subject to a number of diseases.
Danger comes soonest when it is despised.
I'm afraid you got off at the wrong place.
Flee ever so fast, you cannot flee your fortune.
Is it possible to take a shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel?
Summer vacation is near at hand.
Are you for or against the bill?
Lay these books on my desk, if you don't mind.
I have too many things on my mind these days.
What a rude man!
To all appearances, they don't study hard.
I have a lot of work to do.
I wonder if you could find some time to see me.
Go ahead.
I'll never forget visiting Paris last summer.
I'd like to have cheesecake for dessert.
The fire went out by itself.
Excuse me, but do you need any help?
Can I use your toilet, please?
Everyone always asks me that.
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
A strong yen is shaking the economy.
He took out a piece of chalk.
Set your mind at ease.
Could you speak a little louder please?
Tom's hope was to win first prize.
He fled lest he should be arrested.
It took three hours to put the broken toy together.
They added to the enjoyment of my life.
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.
I didn't know where to get the bus.
Let's hash it all out.
Our interests seem to conflict with each other.
I have a firm belief in his innocence.
Can you keep a secret?
What a thoughtless man to do that!
There is no hurry; you have five days to think the matter over.
Lots of low trees grow on the hill.
Judging from what you say, he may succeed.
Do you mind handing me the hammer?
Who's gone and messed up my list of names?
You should continue until you're satisfied.
Tom is always watching television.
Traveling abroad is out of the question.
Having studied English, I studied math.
Please return one set to us with your signature.
You've got plenty of time.
You should have come earlier.
We kept track of all our expenses while we were in Australia.
Hang on a minute. I'll call Jimmy.
He cannot possibly believe her.
What made you change your mind?
Take your umbrella with you in case it rains.
Corsairfly is an airline based in Paris.
Please tell me which bus to take to get to the station.
It conforms to the requirements of logic.
Brian left his belongings behind.
Our lives are determined by our environment.
We are afraid that our new address is not registered on your database.
Why do you have to work late?
Tom was given detention for talking during class.
The bride suddenly laughed.
I'm just watching TV.
I'll tell Daddy on you.
We have yet to discover an effective remedy for cancer.
You are my best friend.
Tennis is difficult. I never know which way the ball is going to fly.
What's the trouble? Can I be of any help?
What shall I begin with?
Milton is one of the classic writers.
He came only as a witness to the light.
Just a minute.
The bus left the stop.
Thanks, Mike. I don't like chicken.
The telephone is out of order, Mr Tamori.
Dick says, "I can swim."
How can I pick out fresh fish?
The ball rolled across the road.
You look very tired.
That is quite another matter.
I had my money stolen somewhere.
Why not see the doctor?
Having been written in haste, the book has a lot of errors.
Yes, I do. I answered.
The church stood alone on the hill.
Tom is doing well in his lessons at school.
Can you operate a manual transmission?
Soon we were clear of the town.
You shall have a nice present.
When I woke up, I was sad.
We provided them with money and clothes.
What a coincidence!
We've just run out of salt and pepper.
Science has brought about many changes to our lives.
Please tell me where to go.
The concert is about to start.
Never did I dream of meeting you here.
By and large, reporters don't hesitate to intrude on one's privacy.
You will have to take his place in case he cannot come.
I am positive that he is wrong.
It is an exciting night event.
Our country borders on several countries.
The two of us don't belong here.
Hello, said Tom, smiling.
It is, as it were, a life and death problem.
Degas was born more than 150 years ago.
Even if he doesn't come here, I'll go on waiting for him.
You are the only man in the world that I can call my friend.
A nickel is a five-cent coin.
Why didn't you let me know you were in New York?
Did you buy it on the black market?
Her eyes were shining with joy.
Rarely have I met such a graceful dancer.
I looked about for the mailbox.
You must conquer your fear of the dark.
Does the amount of rain affect the growth of crops?
The doctor advised me that I should go on a diet.
Mary has always been successful in everything she has done.
I want something cold to drink.
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.
Don't bring any money to the party; just bring yourself.
I believe it to be true.
Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class.
I had a stroke last year.
I'll explain the matter to you later on.
May I interrupt you?
He must be crazy to say such a thing.
Each house is within shouting distance of another.
You may go there.
Why on earth are you here?
They moved to New York, but adapted easily to their new surroundings.
The surface of the earth rose due to the volcanic activity.
A button came off my coat.
Let's go and see as many things as we can.
We substitute margarine for butter.
It's no crime to just idle the whole day once in a while.
I had not waited long before the bus came.
The lemon has a flavor all of its own.
I'd like to take the pill.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
That's why I told you not to go by car.
Who painted this painting?
Correct my spelling if it's wrong.
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
I cannot take less.
The students sat still, listening to the lecture.
I was away from home all through the summer vacation.
We left the final decision to him.
Exercise, if carried to excess, will do you more harm than good.
There is no telling who will be sent in his place.
He may be rich, but he is stingy.
Which car is less crowded?
We need a detailed description of what happened.
You should be ashamed of your conduct.
Either way will lead you to the station.
What a small television set! Does it really work?
I think Betty is eligible for a fine young man.
Will you excuse me for just a moment?
Your shoes need brushing. They are muddy.
Bad weather prevented them from sailing.
The airport is close at hand.
Don't walk alone after dark.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of education.
Put some more wood on the fire.
That's an unusual thing, undoubtedly.
I met an old student of mine in London.
The driver was inattentive and could not stop in time.
No one can deny the fact that fire burns.
It is time my son came home from school.
Mary is very attached to the little girl.
The stock price index was off 200 points yesterday.
Mary is a very pretty girl.
The converse is also true.
It'll be impossible to get a visa at short notice.
It is called sick humor.
Even if pigs were to fly in the air, I would believe her.
I've already had my supper.
Team members are provided with equipment and uniforms.
We must take his youth into account.
I can't keep up with you.
You seem to be insensible of their good intentions.
He may still be young, but he really is a reliable person.
Have a nice summer vacation.
Above all, watch your diet.
I don't get it.
Would you like to wait in the bar?
Turn right at the crossroad.
The king was executed.
He was the last person I expected to see.
Is it like "Dirty Harry"?
We must ask the bank for the loan.
I'm just going to run down to the bank.
You should swear on the Bible.
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
Is the fish still alive?
You really have a passion for food.
Nancy ran across an old friend of hers yesterday.
Where do I get the bus?
I share your idea.
Dr. Hawking had almost finished writing a book.
Thousands of people gathered there.
I want to eat warm soup.
Scarcely had I reached home before the telephone rang.
I don't want you to ring me up all the time.
The pump did not act as it should have.
Perry has acquired the habit of thinking aloud.
I want a piece of candy.
I must make up for lost time.
I could see Tokyo Tower far away.
Bill was careless in handling his pistol.
Help yourself to anything you like.
Don't come into my room without knocking.
As a rule, the game of life is worth playing.
Bob suggested that the party be put off till Wednesday.
There is no reason to wear a suit to the beach.
You can see the island in the distance.
We're thoroughly prepared for the Y2K bug.
Life begins when you're ready to live it.
Could you tell me the way to the station?
I take my hat off to you!
It's a godsend.
When Tom told Chris he didn't like her scarf, she got rid of it.
Europeans tried to civilize the tribe.
I remember hearing a very similar story to that.
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.
No matter how late you may stay up, get up by seven in the morning.
You should look up all unfamiliar words in a dictionary.
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.
Age brandy in oak casks.
The division of Germany was considered a given until 1989.
A painter only becomes a true painter by practicing his craft.
I should think we will need some more money.
As he gets older, your son will grow more independent.
Which way will you take?
Watch carefully how to do it.
Leave it off the list.
Where are your eyes?
You have no right to oppose our plan.
It looks like rain. You had better take an umbrella with you.
The company gave him a large enough pension to live on.
I'll buy you a beer.
Tommy is a nice man.
You cannot be too careful about spelling.
I think it is best not to be impolite.
Seen from a spacecraft, the earth looks blue.
It has finally stopped snowing and has warmed up.
The ocean affords various kinds of resources.
I wouldn't have thought I would someday look up "Viagra" in Wikipedia.
A slip of tongue will often lead us to unexpected results.
Could you call a doctor, please?
The teacher is likely to get angry with the students.
Rugby is an outdoor game.
Is there a drink minimum?
I rest on your promise.
What a small world!
I am determined to make a living as a playwright at all costs.
The rate of exchange is 145 yen to the dollar.
We will soon be having snow.
Lions live on other animals.
Now that you are eighteen, you can get a driver's license.
Be quick, or you will miss the train.
The magician had the children's attention.
The buses left one after another.
It is getting darker and darker.
The audience sobbed throughout the climax of the movie.
Above all, I want to see him again.
I would rather stay at home than go out in the rain.
The concert was a great success.
We look up to him as our leader.
I sort of understand.
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.
It's cold.
How lucky we are!
Instead of taking a rest, he worked much harder than usual.
As soon as I got home, it began to rain.
The whole building has been put at our disposal.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
Please invite us out to dinner.
My watch keeps very good time.
Everybody took a hostile attitude toward illegal aliens.
Drawing is a lot of fun; it helps me to relax.
What's the fare to Liverpool?
The Nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in Japan.
Reflect on your own motives when making a decision.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
We just got to first base.
Smoking began to tell on his health.
I'm sick of listening to her complaints.
All the members were present at the meeting.
I'd like to live in a decent house.
The eye may see for the hand, but not for the mind.
I don't know, said Tony.
Women will have the last word.
Nice seeing you!
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never give up the plan.
The bell went off right in the middle of our discussion.
You'll get a reward for your cooperation.
Tom and Sue love each other.
I've never seen such a beautiful flower.
The meeting begins at three.
I don't know how to satisfy his need for constant attention.
We depended on the newspapers for information about it.
I wonder which way to go.
Don't ask such hard questions.
How long will it take to get well?
Mr White soon began to feel guilty.
I will come provided I feel well enough.
You are not to neglect your duty.
Let's not be in too much of a hurry.
The list is as follows.
What do you study English for?
I don't have as much money as you think.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
Education in this world disappoints me.
Perfection is a trifle dull.
You really don't have the right priorities!
I hate chemistry.
Gravity causes objects to have weight.
French is difficult to learn.
The price varies with demand.
Excuse me just a second. I'll go and get the whiskey.
Numbers of people came from all over the country.
Nancy is kind rather than gentle.
We have a rich historical heritage.
The bus stopped and we got on.
I don't like to have a doctor examine me.
I'd rather stay at home.
There will be an energy crisis in the near future.
What subject are you good at?
Why not talk it over with your teacher?
It's nice and warm.
It is saying too much.
I put my gloves on inside out by mistake.
The marathon runners were out of breath.
Forget about that right now.
I asked the student what image he had of black people.
Please call me a doctor.
Will you drink wine instead of milk?
The police will get you to find the bullets.
He has lied to me again and again.
The people at large were against the war.
Our total debts amount to ten thousand dollars.
Rumi is the first daughter.
How soon the summer holiday is over.
Ms. Brown seems to be an actress.
Why do you think I told her about it?
It has nothing to do with you.
Doors ain't as bad as you think.
She was pleased to be treated as a guest.
I shivered with cold when I went outside.
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.
You must not take advantage of her innocence.
Whatever book you read, read it carefully.
I had hardly left home when it began raining.
With a little more patience, you could succeed.
I have false nearsightedness.
Our problem is how to get in touch with him.
Why didn't you attend the class meeting?
Bill seems to be stuck on Mary.
I can't see the movie.
Bring me something to eat.
It is raining, you see.
I guess that would be all right.
Have the devil's own luck.
The local school board would go to any length to ban that book.
Each movement of the dancer was perfect.
I lost myself for a moment.
You won't succeed unless you work hard.
I cannot bring myself to help such a man.
Many plants and crops grow here thanks to the mild climate.
Mark is the salt of the earth, so he can be trusted with a secret.
Wit gives zest to conversation.
Give me your passport, Tom. I'll keep it in my safe.
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug.
You ought not to smoke so much.
We danced to the music.
Dangers give relish to an adventure.
A fire broke out on the fifth floor.
Whether it rains or not, Fujita is planning to have a picnic.
A wreath was bound around his head.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
A gust of wind swelled the sails.
Please tell us where there is a grocery store.
Don't worry about such a trivial problem.
Excuse me, could I get past?
I don't like girls who put on airs.
It was as clear as day that Shinji would die from hunger.
Do you think miniskirts will come back again?
Bob entered the house through a window.
What would you like to be called?
There wasn't any book on the desk.
A nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
Would you like some more beef?
We are annoyed at the constant noise.
Let's discuss the respective merits of the candidates.
I have a slight fever.
Can you gift-wrap this, please?
The flower is crying out for water.
Let's have one more drink, and then I'll take you back home.
Fortune has turned in my favor.
We didn't actually see the accident.
Most dogs are inclined to be friendly.
You don't have to stand on ceremony with me.
We can get along very well without you.
Is there anywhere I can go to find a flea market?
The apple-blossom was touched by the frost.
After all that, the pain went away.
Darkness is the absence of light.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Can I rent rackets?
Everybody seems to pay attention to what he says.
I'll lend it to you.
I wonder if you don't get tired of doing the same thing every day.
I want to emphasize this point in particular.
Reach out and touch someone.
The taxi picked up two passengers.
I believe in Ken.
I will see him at the first opportunity.
It's a complete mess, and it's getting on my nerves.
The bridge was carried away by the flood.
I'll be there by eight somehow.
We provided the flood victims with food and clothing.
I must have stolen it when I lost control of myself momentarily.
The visitor sat across from me.
The sea looks calm and smooth.
I have diarrhea.
Everybody praised her to the skies.
I wonder what language they speak in Brazil.
Lie down and rest for a while.
I felt the engine running.
What makes you think that I'm against that?
That cannot be true.
I'm out of my mind.
Compare your translation with the one on the blackboard.
I have wonderful news for all of you.
Don't tell tales out of school.
He says nobody cares for a thing like that.
Do you want another glass of fruit punch?
Few of the trippers called in at the ghost town of New York.
Who is the girl in the pink dress?
We explored all possible ways of cutting expenditures.
If only I had taken your advice.
Tom found me a taxi.
We were worried we might miss the train.
Don't put the glass near the edge of the table.
I cannot help you, not but that I pity you.
We walked along an avenue of tall poplars.
The Rhine is the boundary between France and Germany.
Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?
The morals of our politicians have been corrupted.
He had been walking for hours.
Are you concerned with politics?
It is obvious why you have a stomach-ache.
Indeed he is still young, but he is very prudent.
Why don't you wear summer clothes?
Turn it off.
Unfair advantage was taken of Bill's weakness.
Could you show me your return ticket?
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
France is adjacent to Spain.
All that I was looking for was somebody who looked like you.
He hasn't been proven guilty yet.
No doubt he did his best, but he didn't succeed.
I used to go to plays at least once a week in London.
We should always keep our promise.
I finally talked her into lending me the book.
The dove is a famous symbol for peace.
Let me see that.
A time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people.
It is true that he is young, but he is wise.
It was raining, but he went out.
There are fashions for socks as well.
Which credit cards can I use?
Where will you visit?
Empty cans were scattered about the place.
I have been to Kyoto once.
Under the table was a black cat.
I want to get away from the rat race.
Please let me take a look at the menu.
Let's get started anyway.
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
What do you think would happen if it were not for books?
Generally speaking, the Japanese are hard workers.
The man who stops learning is as good as dead.
Give me five tokens, please.
Would you please put out your cigarette?
The station is nearby.
I've got something on you.
I suggest that we go out on Friday.
I could see nothing but fog.
You broke the rule.
How's the weather?
I have a flat tire.
They are different in degree but not in kind.
Do you know what the time is?
It is the factory my brother works in.
Many boats are sailing on the sea.
It will get warmer and warmer.
I am not having any of those lies.
There are a lot of ways of doing it.
Do a composition exercise, please.
I am more beautiful than you.
We covered some 100 miles in the car.
The fire took 13 lives.
Your hair really does look untidy.
I laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours.
Hurry up, or you'll miss your plane.
Again, Hawking was almost ready to give up.
We heard a cry from above.
A businessman is working out some figures with a calculator.
I have a bone to pick with you.
English cannot be mastered overnight.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Mike cannot have done such a thing.
You should talk to the teacher yourself.
Any orders you place with us will be processed promptly.
We eat to live, not live to eat.
Mozart was brought up to be a musician.
Could you turn on the light, please?
I think you should see a doctor.
It seems as if everything he touches turns to gold.
We should face up to this issue.
I've always wanted to meet you.
It's about ten minutes to the station by bus.
Everyone thinks the same thing.
I cannot believe you did not see him then.
I never heard anything like that.
The excessive use of salt should be taboo.
You can save face with a happy smile.
You'll be able to speak English better if you practice hard.
During the summer vacation, I made friends with many villagers.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
It's awfully cold this evening.
The doctor ordered her to go on a strict diet.
She is unconscious.
We must rescue the environment from pollution.
Don't walk so fast! I can't keep up with you.
Please tell me about your problem.
Television enables us to know what is happening today.
He is but a child.
How did such a thing come about?
I needn't have painted the fence.
I would like to see it.
Are you through yet?
In time, Tom came to love her.
You ought to have adopted his plan.
We need action, not words.
It is almost impossible to learn a foreign language in a short time.
Of course, neither goods nor mailing fee returned.
You should have warned him before.
The cost of life increased drastically.
English law prohibits children under 16 from buying cigarettes.
Can you spare me a few minutes?
You had better be careful not to overeat.
I carelessly dropped a vase.
Tom was all worn out.
You cannot be rude to everyone and expect to get away with it forever.
The odds are against me, so I think I'll quit now.
Our school is across the river.
What one has sown one will have to reap.
We have two dogs. One is black and the other is white.
It is a great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
Your eyes have a certain magnetism.
Under no circumstances should you repeat this to anyone.
If it had not been for your help, my father would have failed.
Let's sing and dance.
Why is this book loved by young people?
May I have another piece of cake?
The door blew shut.
New Year's Day is the key to the year.
There is no point in pretending to be sick.
I will see you, each in your turn.
Let's give Tom a surprise welcome party.
Tom finally gave up smoking.
I'd like to be left alone for a while, if you don't mind.
The fire was put out before it got serious.
The doctor's warning stiffened my resolve to stop drinking.
Please push the buzzer.
Most students study hard.
What time would you like that for? "Two o'clock would be good."
I want to buy a word processor.
It was mismanagement of the company's affairs by the acting director.
Once in a while, she is late for school.
In a word, I think he's a fool.
What a sad movie it was!
It was all covered with dust.
You are no longer a mere child.
Mayuko dreamed a strange dream.
I've never been beyond Okayama.
He is no more foolish than you are.
At last he unfolded his plans for their future.
Scientific knowledge has greatly advanced since the 16th century.
Try again.
Fix your room, Louie.
If you do that, you will be cheating.
At a glance I knew that he was tired.
The boy talking with Fred is Mike.
We'll finish the work even if it takes us all day.
It takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school.
Butter is made from milk.
Please lend me your knife.
Do you know which way to take?
Pioneer men and women had a hard life, and so did their children.
Mary went over to the United States in her late teens.
The king was stripped of his power.
The number of students who travel abroad for vacation is increasing.
Now it's time to say good night.
Paul didn't become arrogant even though he was rich.
Ben was believed to be a criminal.
What are you laughing at? It's a fact. No kidding!
Why didn't you say anything?
By the way, where do you live?
I got accustomed to living alone.
I wish the rain would stop.
Appear before us now.
To put it clearly, I don't like him.
Due to our office moving, we will be closed from May 30 to 31.
Nora looks up to her mother.
Do you live here?
The Mafia uses legitimate business operations as a front.
They came to terms with each other on how to start a joint venture.
There is no longer any room for doubt.
Where do I pay for the gas?
It must be done more carefully.
We need more workers.
I'm not here if anybody calls.
What a wonderful night!
Please turn down the radio.
Show me a fact which supports your idea.
Is it true that chicken soup will cure a cold?
Don't buy on credit.
There is no knowing which team will win.
I'll give you a piece of advice.
My papa said no.
We had lunch at a roadside restaurant.
Take your time, Yoshida.
There is a Mr Ito who wants to see you.
Hello, is Mr Freeman in?
Stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened.
I could not speak a word, for my heart was full.
The teacher as well as his students has come.
Hurry up, or you will be late for school.
It has been raining since Tuesday.
To what extent can he be trusted?
The station is about three miles from here.
Helen is seventeen years old.
In English the verb precedes the object.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
Can I see what's on the other channels?
The tape recorder is a useful aid to teaching.
Spring brings mild weather after the cold winter.
Salt prevents food from perishing.
The doctor looked gravely at the patient.
Please don't let me hear any more of that story.
The police officer on duty sensed an elderly man coming up behind him.
I'd like to send my dress to a dry cleaner.
How did you enjoy the party?
I usually went to bed at ten during the summer vacation.
It's just another story.
We insist that this project be carried out immediately.
Refer to the Users' Guide if you have any problems.
Mrs. Young wouldn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
People are talking about this Internet phenomenon.
I'd like to stay for one night.
Meg sometimes annoys Ken.
If I were you, I wouldn't do a thing like that.
She accused me of not writing to her sooner.
We should always act in obedience to the law.
I admire your ignorance.
It's best to wear a cap on your head during the cold Moscow winters.
It was just something I read in a newspaper.
I'm going to join the school orchestra.
Nancy is economical with her smiles.
Be that as it may, you are wrong.
The paint is off.
All you have to do is wash the dishes.
Dozens of people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
The bus leaves every ten minutes.
Are you feeling OK?
What a fine view!
Too late.
We can depend on her helping us.
Your collar has a stain on it.
Come along with me and go fishing.
The pipe shop is across the street.
The doctor came immediately.
Why did you absent yourself from class yesterday?
You'll need a temporary bridge.
Choose the one.
It's your stereotyping.
I don't have the slightest idea.
What is the story?
Take your coat in case it rains.
It suits me.
None of us want to go, but either you or your wife has to go.
He might be away at the moment.
Don't run so fast.
No one has shown up as yet, but we're expecting at least 50 students.
It's a pity when somebody dies.
It is right that you should write it.
Seen from a distance, the rock looked like a human face.
Someone must have left it there.
Tom looks pale. Is anything the matter with him?
Take the skin off before you eat the apple.
Maru crawled out from under the table.
No one forgot their assignment, did they?
His students adored him.
The nurses must see to the comfort of their patients.
We were shocked at the news of his death.
I can't afford to buy such an expensive car.
It was extremely hot, so I took my coat off.
Bess is simply a child.
It was difficult for us to decide which one to buy.
You will not be able to catch the train.
Haven't you got a cheaper edition?
If I were to be reborn, I would like to be a bird.
Why did you open the box?
You speak good English.
We should take into account that the train was delayed.
We saw her off at the airport.
You are not less pretty than her.
The flowers in the garden died from the absence of rain.
The members of the committee are all men.
Mayuko jumped up in alarm.
That's a good idea!
I'll help you so long as you do your best.
We'll give you your revenge.
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story.
How did you get to the stadium?
The candle has gone out.
Cows give us milk, and hens, eggs.
Dennis can make the ugliest face in town.
The Beatles are popular among young people.
I'd like to see a play. Do you have any information?
Here is a letter for you.
Mary told John the secret.
Why do you need quarters?
If Mary knew how to swim, she would go to the beach more often.
Can you give me some money?
To all appearances, their actions haven't borne fruit.
The teacher accused one of his students of being noisy in class.
Please refrain from smoking, while the non-smoking signs are on.
Relations between us seem to be on the ebb.
You can't get anything for nothing.
Congratulations!
You will live longer if you don't smoke.
We received a large parcel.
That's the damnedest story I ever heard.
We kept on working for hours without eating anything.
Mary ran.
Our country must develop its natural resources.
You have your right sock on wrong side out.
That is an actual fact.
Mary always has to put her two cents worth in.
We had to do without oil during the war.
Judge him by what he does, not by his appearance.
We have no time.
The doctor insisted that he stay in bed.
It is difficult for foreign students to speak English well.
Sometimes I go by bus and sometimes by car.
First of all, you must look it up in the dictionary.
We didn't mean to leave Mary out of the plan.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
Betty laid herself on the bed.
Drivers should be aware of the traffic rules.
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
Please turn out the lights when you leave.
Can you fix the broken radio?
A talking dictionary is no longer a fantasy.
Pick a job that you enjoy and working will seem easy.
We associate the name of Lincoln with freedom.
I saw land in the distance.
I watched an old movie on TV.
It's very good.
A driver was sleeping in the car.
You must perform your duty.
The train was brought to a sudden halt.
The mountains are a lush green in summer.
How it blows!
I am short of money.
Tom will become a good soccer player some day.
Listening practice tends to be monotonous.
The brake didn't work.
Tell me what you did in Hawaii.
I think it's going to rain.
The milk turned sour.
Guess where I've been.
It is no easy thing to do.
Should you change your mind, let me know.
Please input your PIN number.
When you enter a conversation, you should have something to say.
Don't make a fuss about trifles.
A welcome party took place in the restaurant.
I am thirsty. I would like to have a cup of coffee.
He's above telling a lie.
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
You have to read between the lines to get the most out of anything.
Taro Ito was found guilty.
I'd like to make an appointment for a permanent.
Never again would she be curious about the city.
The party went off beautifully.
The mere sight of a snake makes her sick.
Mary is a very sociable person.
A teacher should never make fun of a pupil who makes a mistake.
Nancy invited him to a party.
You must go home at once.
He was compelled to sign the contract.
Picture books will cultivate the minds of children.
Are you going anywhere?
Ask Trang if he's going out this evening.
It is necessary that everybody obey the law.
I got word that Mary wants to divorce him.
He was created a peer.
You mustn't enter this room without permission.
Debbie, is your school near here?
It fell to pieces.
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
Patients often die simply because they yield to their diseases.
Betty is watering the flowers.
Before long, the moon came out.
He was very learned, but he didn't know it.
Pass me the butter, will you please?
The doctor advised my father to stop smoking.
And she misses them very much.
We agreed among ourselves.
I want specific information.
Winter in New York can be very cold.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
How serious I looked!
English is spoken in America.
We've got to break out tonight or I'll go crazy!
Even a large sum of money cannot take the place of a man's life.
Don't say that.
Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
I hope that you will get well soon.
Whatever you may say, I will not change my opinion.
Most people want to experience happiness.
You left me in despair.
Where do we get the textbooks?
There was a large crowd in the hall.
I will be friendly to him even if he doesn't like me.
We agreed to refrain from smoking while we are at work.
I'll let you know in a day or so.
At last, the bus company gave in.
Did you go out last night?
It is seven in London now.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never agree to your plan.
Teachers must understand children.
You should read such books as will benefit you.
Oh, don't worry about that.
No more parties.
Your idea seems to be similar to mine.
Our streets flood when we have rain.
Rika had a good time singing at the party.
That's interesting, but beside the point.
I smell something rotten.
I can't see you today because I feel ill.
When the rain stops, we'll go for a walk.
Fortune 500 companies were the hardest hit by recent legislation.
How often do you go swimming in the sea each summer?
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
If not for my advice, you would have failed.
He will have determined which college he wants to go to.
Every boss has his or her favorite employee.
It's lonely in the saddle since the horse died.
The fire broke out toward midnight.
The yen's appreciation accelerated the decline of that company.
Our attempt has proved to be a failure.
Pop artists thrive on the adulation of their loyal fans.
Will you give me your radio for my bicycle?
Thanks to your stupidity, we lost the game.
The astronauts were greeted with spontaneous applause.
Now that it has stopped raining, we can go home.
I availed myself of this favorable opportunity.
Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
There are many problems to solve.
Keep away from me because I have a bad cold.
I froze at the sight of the snake.
Let's extend our heartiest welcome to Miyake-san.
The speaker swaggered into the lecture hall.
There is a pen on the desk.
Let's wait for the rain to stop.
There is an album on the desk.
I want to buy a more expensive watch.
Tom is as tall as any student in his class is.
In that case, I think you should come in today.
I didn't mean to put that on there.
The girl playing the piano is Akiko.
Hiromi decided to risk bungee-jumping, even though he was scared.
I gazed at the sea for hours.
I gave up smoking for a year.
The patient was lying in the bed with his eyes closed.
The price reflects the demand.
I have been a teacher for 15 years.
It's a very good newspaper, isn't it?
Mark graduated from Harvard in 1991.
The bus deposited us at the station.
The ball curved slightly.
Have you got a lighter?
The tickets are 20 yen each.
Please adjust the television picture.
My brother-in-law is ready to lose his temper at trifles.
I should think you are right.
Mention Mexico, and tacos come to mind.
I'll call you some other time.
You can do it if you try.
Singing merrily, they started for home.
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.
What a good teacher Mr Hirayama is!
Danny has no sense of beauty.
One of my bags is missing.
Don't hold it upside down.
Doris is considerate of everybody's feelings.
Put more spirit into your work.
It takes a great deal of practice to master a foreign language.
The meeting was adjourned until the following week.
Can you ride a horse?
Whatever language you study, it takes time.
The road tends to the south at the next village.
When will you come home?
The emigrants have endured physical and mental pain.
If he had not picked me up, I would not be here now.
Some people went by bus, and others by train.
I saw a light far away.
Mary broke in on our conversation.
You will be delayed for only thirty minutes at worst.
That would be difficult.
Our country abounds in products.
Whatever game he plays, he always wins.
The guests wished the happy couple a long and prosperous life.
He must be tired after such hard work.
You are not to blame, nor is he.
Our school prohibits us from going to the movies alone.
I can't walk because of my broken leg.
I called my mother up from the station.
Hadn't we better be going now?
I look forward to the summer vacation.
I feel like having a drink.
Try to be a more rational consumer.
You must be careful when swimming in the sea.
Can you please tell me what time the train leaves?
You should call your father as soon as possible.
How long does it take by bus?
The ostrich has wings, but it cannot fly.
Now that you know the truth, perhaps you'll feel better.
Give me a reason for doing such a thing.
Rome is in Italy.
Being a doctor helped me greatly during the journey.
How many people in your party?
The river that flows through London is the Thames.
Do you agree with Dr. Burns or Ms. Roland?
Romeo is the man Juliet loves.
It was so nice a day that we went for a hike in the mountains.
Come and see me whenever you are free.
Where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?
Finally, he carried out his plan.
What do you think about having breakfast at McDonald's?
What you have said applies only to single women.
Whatever results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
You are much too kind to me.
I could not help but state my opinion.
I would rather walk than go by taxi.
I'm not in the mood.
We discussed the problem.
You know quite a lot about sumo.
I am tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
Far from being a failure, our negotiation was a great success.
Let's drive as far as the sea.
Every woman was shocked at the sight.
I am greatly impressed.
A little language goes a long way.
Your thoughts are of no significance at all.
The roses in the garden smell sweet.
If I were you, I would paint it blue.
Thank you for your interest.
They're a little tight.
Let's drop in for a drink.
I met her by accident.
The party, therefore, had to take another route.
The paint on the seat on which you are sitting is still wet.
That sounds like a fairly good proposal.
That's why I recommend him for the post.
The sky lightened as it stopped raining.
Beef is expensive nowadays.
What time does it open and close?
Hurry up, and you can catch the bus.
It was a very, very hot night.
At last, he realized his error.
Shut the door behind you.
It was twenty years ago as I look back on it.
It is cruel of you to find fault with her.
We take oil for granted.
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
I would like to come to your party.
Kasai was credited with 30 saves.
It is probable that she will come.
The sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1,000 meters.
You should be ready for the worst.
During his stay in London, he is going to visit his cousin.
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.
It is not good to eat between meals.
Could you please repeat that?
The committee adjourned for two weeks.
Hanako is set on going to Paris.
When riding a bus or a train, you need to pay the fare.
The company is caught up in a serious business slump.
Despite having lived near the sea, she still cannot swim.
Mary is so nice a girl that she is loved by everybody.
Study hard, and you'll succeed.
Has Tony been watching TV?
Try to be generous and forgive.
We looked forward to the party.
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.
The most important thing is thinking for oneself.
Your demands are unreasonable.
The school is situated in healthy surroundings.
Lend me something with which to cut the string.
How about going on a picnic?
She locked the door.
I've come under pressure from my boss.
In summer, European people enjoy long holidays.
Can we get to the moon in the near future?
They shook hands when they met at the airport.
I can make nothing of what you do or say.
The day will soon come when there will be no more wars in the world.
Eat more, or you won't gain strength.
You should tell him the truth.
It makes no difference whether you agree or not.
By the way, are you free this afternoon?
Try to get ahead in your company.
We bedded down at the roadside park for the night.
Everybody knew her true feelings.
What a good tennis player Tony is!
Please tell me the story once more.
Tom bought a weekly magazine at the station.
It only costs $10.00!
Ned held the flag erect.
I have to take medicine.
Where can I get in touch with you?
Please slice a loaf of bread for me.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life regretting it.
I'd like to book three seats.
I am interested in listening to music.
Between astonishment and sorrow, she could not speak a word.
What's happening?
Bob missed the last train and had to take a taxi.
Holding on to the rope firmly, I came safely to land.
Measles can be quite dangerous.
It was a pretty little house, strong and well-built.
We are able to deliver within a week.
He said he was suffering from a bad headache.
Smoking does you more harm than good.
Could you move forward so we can close the door?
She attended the meeting at the request of the chairman.
I haven't seen her for ages.
Waiter, three coffees, please.
We talked of many things.
She was stupid to make such a mistake.
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.
Hurry up. You'll be late for school.
I guess the time of reckoning has arrived at last.
The clouds hung low.
Miss Young is very kind.
I will be very happy to accept your invitation.
How did you come to love her?
The fire spread throughout the house.
You don't like love stories.
I was used to studying when I was a student.
Is the harmonica a present from his father?
Insofar as we know, he is guilty.
The meeting was canceled.
I often go to the movies.
The date and address is usually written at the head of letters.
We'll get to school soon; we are as good as there now.
If it snows much tomorrow, let's make a snowman.
See you again.
I am pleased with myself.
Do you have a table with a view of the ocean?
It appears that you have made a foolish mistake.
I've just finished my work.
I don't want to lead a dog's life any more.
Why did you come to Japan?
Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.
You are free to go out.
He may be in Paris now, for all I know.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
What a lot of books! Do they belong to the university library?
Is it dangerous to take a subway alone?
A Mr Brown wants you on the phone.
We came up against massive popular resistance.
In the case of fire, dial 119.
Charles always takes the line of least resistance.
We won the game by three goals to one.
If you would like to have further information, please contact me.
Having seen him before, I knew him at once.
I ran into a friend while walking in Ginza.
When it began to rain, she told her son to take in the washing.
No other boy in our class is more studious than Jack.
A ball is floating down the river.
We can see the island in the distance.
Do you have a smaller size?
I want to sing a song.
Our city has one third as many people as Tokyo.
Paul telephoned just now.
You've left out a word in copying the textbook.
He ended up expelled.
Don't speak to him while he is driving.
Mr Brown contracted with the builder for a new house.
The bus has just left.
Most employees expect a pay raise once a year.
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times.
It was piercingly cold outside.
We have made up our minds to fight it out.
Sometimes machines can make an unconscious person breathe for years.
You must reap what you have sown.
As was expected, he succeeded in winning the prize.
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
What you are saying doesn't make sense.
Pull your robe together.
He lay in agony until the doctor arrived.
You are to come with me.
Something is the matter with my stomach.
As it was printed in haste, the book has many misprints.
That's a great idea.
It isn't mine.
The only solution is for her to give up the plan.
The picture you are looking at costs 100,000 yen.
I'll let you know if anything comes up.
No human power can manage that.
Why don't you ever say it?
My knife has lost its edge.
The clock that got broken must be repaired right away.
Lock the door.
Finally, my father compromised.
You have a way with women.
I got Tom to mend my shoes.
All was silent in the house.
The following persons passed the examination.
It is high time we said good-bye.
If you turn right, you will see a big building.
We are bound to obey the law.
The valuables are in the bank's safekeeping.
I don't suppose it's going to rain.
A beautiful church stands on the hill.
The press besieged the minister with questions.
If you go near a camel, you risk being bitten.
Choose whatever dish you want from the menu.
I utterly despise formal writing!
I'm going to France to study painting.
The Nile is longer than any other river in the world.
English is studied all over the world.
That's quite a story.
Damn! It's not bad!
Don't mention our plan to anybody.
Don't change your plans, whatever happens.
Boys have their own bikes these days.
The climate affected the growth of trees and plants.
How old is Tony?
You look tiny next to a sumo wrestler.
Let's make it some other time.
I will get even with you someday. Remember that.
I would keep waiting for you if I had to stay awake past midnight.
Our departure tomorrow is contingent on fair weather.
There is little, if any, hope that Tom will win the election.
You may go at your leisure.
On his return he found her daughter asleep.
May I have some more tea if there is any in the pot?
What for?
You'd not have been in the rush hour if you had left home earlier.
Come what may, we must do our duty.
The truck made a sharp turn to the left.
Though it was raining, she went out.
Lori suggested that we should take a ten-minute coffee break.
Rebecca gets up exceedingly early every day.
You'd better go back home now.
Such languages as French, Italian and Spanish come from Latin.
Come what may, I won't stop making music.
If it were not for air, we could not live on the earth.
It's already time to go home.
We moved to New York last fall.
I can scarcely believe it.
It's time you stopped watching television.
The flower will come out soon.
Tom told her that he had written that poem two years before.
You should be respectful to your teachers.
Squirrels are nimble in climbing trees.
Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.
The notorious dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content.
I took it for granted that you would come with us.
I can't recall her name.
You don't need to worry about such a thing.
All the children sat up and behaved themselves at the party.
There is a short program of local news on the radio.
Could you give me some advice?
It seems that everybody likes golf.
The diamond was set in a gold ring.
Easy come, easy go.
What do you want me to do?
The truck made a sharp turn to the right.
How can we dispel their doubts and fears?
The dinosaurs in the film "Jurassic Park" were true-to-life.
I'll be happy to answer your question.
We could barely make out two figures in the dark.
I regret that I did not work harder.
The population of New York is smaller than that of Tokyo.
Scientists deal mainly with physical matters.
He lay on the bed.
As it was written in haste, the book has many faults.
You have a responsibility to explain that behavior to me.
I bought a pair of shoes.
Milk is made into butter.
People don't say that anymore.
Don't open before the train stops.
Wake up at seven, please.
Many kinds of flowers will come out soon.
A series of blasts reduced the laboratory to ruins.
Whichever way you take, it'll take you the same time.
I'm not as rich as I was.
Because I was a newspaper reporter.
The night is still young.
As a rule, she is an early riser.
During the recent trip to America, I made friends with Jack.
He is bad beyond correction.
Nancy told me about the fire.
What a dishonest fellow!
If what you say is true, it follows that he has an alibi.
Pochi came running toward us.
It is not ethical for a doctor to reveal confidences.
I lather my face before shaving.
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.
We must make economies in buying clothes.
He noticed a letter on the desk.
Could I ask a favor of you?
They sell apples at five dollars each.
By all means.
Our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago.
Step aside.
If you don't eat, you die.
What a hot day it is!
I didn't know for certain which train to take.
What are the banking hours?
To study English is important for young people.
Can you tell me how to get to Hyde Park?
One of these fine days he will get his just deserts.
That's very big of you.
Had I known about it, I would have told you.
A screen divided the room into two.
I met Tom on my way to school.
The ball rolled on the ground towards me.
Tourists have increased in number.
I think that most young people like rock music.
We refer to this city as Little Kyoto.
Oh, you must be good at sports.
If I were to live abroad, I would live in Britain.
What's new with you? How is your new job working out?
The fire is going out; will you add some wood?
Mary refused to marry him, but she gave in at last.
You're in perky form, aren't you?
How did you come to know it?
Be more flexible.
Bill and I have been sincere friends for a long time.
You cannot appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
He is an unsung hero.
Mary took out the eggs one by one.
I suggest that you see Mr White.
The allusion was not lost on me.
Suddenly, it rained.
A known mistake is better than an unknown truth.
Please leave me alone.
I meet him on occasion at the club.
Bill never fails to send a birthday present to his mother.
Sugar replaced honey as a sweetener.
The trouble is you cannot work while watching TV.
Give me another chance to try.
I doubt if Bob will come on time.
Go ahead!
Well, you have only to ask for his help.
Much to my surprise, my song appealed to many young people.
He thought that it was like a bird cage.
Remember well what you learn at school.
Tom burned himself out as a baseball player.
All you have to do is wash the dish.
Do you feel pain in any other part of your body?
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
I'm afraid I've eaten too much.
I'm just a creature of habit, I guess.
If she had been a little more patient, she could have succeeded.
We had an implicit agreement that we would support each other.
Hard work has brought him where he is.
Could you speak louder? I'm hard of hearing.
I guess we could.
I can't even make a crane, she said to herself.
Shall I ask Peter for help?
Where can one make a phone call?
That won't help you.
May I play the piano?
You ought not to stay up so late.
Hawaii is often referred to as "The Pearl of the Pacific."
No pain, no gain.
Everybody laughed at his error.
Give me just a little.
Flowers and trees need clean air and fresh water.
We saw a dim light in the darkness.
An ulcer forms in the stomach.
He is a clever boy, to be sure.
There is no accounting for tastes.
A rolling stone gathers no moss is a proverb.
No one ran ahead of him.
Can you buy one for me as well?
The school awarded Mary a prize.
You come here.
Sick and tired, she went to bed early.
Nothing is so pleasant as travelling alone.
You had better leave there on Monday.
It was a very good experience for him.
Don't worry about money so much.
Tom lost no time in parting with the money.
Apart from a few mistakes, your composition was excellent.
Why should he think that he knows better than I do?
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.
Tom is three inches taller than his wife is.
You should have helped him with his work.
I have an urgent matter to attend to.
Ted is looking forward to going abroad after graduation.
Left alone, he began to read a book.
A hideous monster used to live there.
It has become quite common.
He didn't like to ask for help even if he was starving.
The small island looked like a tortoise from a distance.
I'm feeling sort of tired.
Our school on the hill commands a full view of Mt. Fuji.
My youngest brother was brought up by our grandmother.
What would you do if war were to break out?
We killed time by playing cards.
It may sound strange, but it is true.
He came several times.
Why don't we break off for a while and have some coffee?
These days, the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure.
I got on the train for London.
Fatigue follows a flight to Europe.
This book is surprisingly easy to read, isn't it?
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
The meeting will be held this afternoon.
There's little water in the tank, if any.
Can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity?
Pandas feed on bamboo grass.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
What a miser you are!
We have the alternative of death and submission.
It leaves nothing much to be desired.
It's just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.
As soon as he heard of it, he hastened to the spot.
He meddled where he wasn't wanted and it backfired on him.
Please help me with this.
Give us a ride downtown.
I am amazed at your audacity.
This is a real popular item.
They were deep in the red and closed up shop.
Please throw the ball.
Don't you think most Japanese students work hard?
Mary is a girl who is pleasant to talk with.
That concert wasn't rocking.
We had a tough job.
I see a bird on the roof.
The bus picked up the speed gradually.
There is no man but loves his home.
Most people like summer, but as for me, I like winter much better.
Are you saying my life is in danger?
However small it may be, I want a house of my own.
Rain doesn't depress people who like reading.
I observed that he was wearing his Sunday best that morning.
I think that it was probably Friday of last week.
Who made the doll?
Because I studied for a long time yesterday.
I feel exactly the same as Mr Isoda.
I'd like to spend my holidays reading history books or classics.
The movie was interesting, as I had expected.
I won't talk with him anymore.
The bank loaned the company $1 million.
I bear no grudge against you.
Seeing that it is 8 o'clock, I think you should leave for school soon.
She said, "How confident he looks!"
You must not give up hope.
Do you have any rock CDs?
Do you have any pets?
Dinner is ready.
I would like to see Mr Terry Tate.
Many murders have been committed in the name of patriotism.
You can certainly rely on him.
Our team lost.
Beth is afraid of the dark because of her evil brother.
We hold that he is not guilty.
Can I pay with my VISA?
Cows are anything but bright.
You must return the book to him.
Your eyes are red with crying.
We enjoyed seeing the city, but we got a little tired.
Your conduct doesn't become a gentleman.
Let's go downstairs for dinner.
You can go home now.
The girl at the door is Lucy.
If I had known his address, I would have written to him.
Their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
I cleared my throat, but no words came.
The Venus de Milo is the perfection of beauty.
I can understand your language.
He finally made money.
That does not accord with his statement.
I make lunch every day.
Mike is in the second year of high school and Ann is too.
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.
It is almost 12 o'clock.
I'd rather stay here.
I couldn't bear any more insults.
Do what you have left undone, if anything.
Here is your appointment card.
It rained for hours and hours.
Well do I remember it.
Rod lives across the street from John.
We have given your order highest priority.
He looks pale.
The new drug will be tested in Vaxgen's laboratory.
I'm looking for books on Roman history.
We never meet without parting.
Living on my own, I really miss my mom's cooking.
Time is up.
Have you finished eating your lunch?
Nancy smiled happily.
Scientists are working hard to put an end to AIDS.
Totoro makes friends with everyone.
I had a dreadful dream last night.
Where's convenient for you?
In case of rain, the athletic meeting will be called off.
Any chance you know where I put my keys?
Wine helps digest food.
Maybe, but I can't catch the drift of even simple situations.
I don't know yet.
Your work is below average.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes.
What makes you think so?
I can hear you, but I can't see you.
I've got to get some money somehow to repay the bank loan.
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane flights.
Kyoto was an old capital of Japan.
Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere?
It's high time to go. See you later.
What flower do you like best?
Even as he was speaking, a shot rang out.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
The door is shut fast.
Once we've killed, we enjoy killing.
Pity is akin to love.
It's in pencil so you can rub it out if you need to.
I must have made a mistake somewhere.
You have a telephone.
It is already dark.
Your dress is very nice.
There was a convention last month.
It's six o'clock already.
I applaud your decision to quit smoking.
Get out.
It is founded on supposition.
There isn't a single cloud in the sky.
We all learned the poem by heart.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
Sometimes everything goes wrong.
If only I could speak French.
English has become an international language.
I want three sugars in my milk.
Wherever you may go, you can't succeed without perseverance.
In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
Ms. White ordered that Tom should stay after school.
You did this intentionally!
The purpose of our trip is to visit a new factory.
The doctor advised him to keep away from drinking.
I wish I could speak English.
Sing the song once more, please.
Fossil fuel prices shot through the roof.
How many people are in this room?
It was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles.
I'd like to discuss pricing with you.
Do you have better quality ones?
I can't finish this part of the puzzle.
Dr. Miller wants you to wait for a while.
Don't waste your allowance on useless things.
Which skirt do you like?
The microphone is live.
Will you have some more cake?
That every one who believes in him may have eternal life.
Would you mind not smoking?
Are you in jest or in earnest?
I didn't know about that until quite recently.
A diligent man will succeed in the long run.
A time will come when you will regret your action.
It will not be long before he gets well.
I need a concise explanation.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
It was a terrible accident.
Don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains.
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
Let's do this first of all.
Running so fast is impossible for me.
The brandy is getting to my head.
Everybody will have to pitch in to save the environment.
The candle went out instead of having been put out.
Your second button is coming off.
I think you should get more rest.
According to the X-ray, everything is all right.
Hello, is the accountant there, please?
The students met here to hear the speech.
I was exhausted after running the race.
If I were you, I would trust her.
I think that everybody knows.
Please have someone else do that.
Don't eat so much. You'll get fat.
Hence 50 percent of the muscle can give way to fat.
Nancy doesn't play tennis.
But, I have to take my mother.
What religion do you believe in?
Lucy is a pretty little girl.
The office for disease control reported a 10 percent spread.
If anything, my new job is harder than my old one.
Was I wrong?
I broke your ashtray.
Mary stayed up late last night.
Keep it at a lower temperature.
Every reporter sent his stories with the least possible delay.
The work of Feuerbach is frequently referred to.
I was disappointed at your absence.
There is no telling what would happen if she doesn't show up.
Didn't you hear your name called?
It was getting dark, and, what made matters worse, it began to rain.
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.
I didn't consider the subject seriously.
All our things were turned upside down.
You're my type.
Turn on the radio.
While I was waiting for the bus, I saw a traffic accident.
I don't feel like it.
Do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays?
It's raining hard and yet I must go.
Love me little, love me long.
We narrowly missed the accident.
The TV telephone will come into popular use soon.
May I talk to Ms. Brown?
I won't lose!
It goes without saying that pets are not allowed.
We should keep every school open and every teacher in his job.
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
The surprise party for Laura is not tonight, but tomorrow night.
Don't let her go out after dark.
It's very gray outside.
My head aches so much.
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
My family are all well.
Every student knows the school song.
Did you try to review the English lessons?
I'd like you to have a chest X-ray.
You'd better put aside some money for a rainy day.
The entrée includes a beverage.
Let me help you wipe it off.
If you want to be fluent in English, you've got to keep at it.
Two seats were vacant.
Some of the company's executives are out of town for a conference.
Computers make people stupid.
Will you give me a ride to my hotel?
We stored the hay in the barn.
Not all were satisfied.
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.
How many dozen pencils do you have?
I put my lighter down somewhere and now I can't find it.
I hope you'll like it.
It makes little difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
David can speak French fluently.
The reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough.
Bill has no sense of adventure.
We'd like to have some wine.
Fill in the blanks with suitable words.
If you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe your words.
How formal is this ceremony?
There's a long line at every cash register.
I don't want to go alone.
The stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market.
I'll take you on at tennis.
It was raining on and off all night long.
Drop me a line.
Our world is only a small part of the universe.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
I'm thinking of going to Paris.
I'd like meatloaf.
You have to look out for other cars when you drive.
I am going to stay with my aunt in Hawaii.
It was not long before we heard the news.
Of course it's difficult to gain access to the Prime Minister.
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass.
Speak more slowly, please!
Of course I will go.
I was caught in the rush hour.
Paul wasn't with Mary when her purse was stolen.
All you have to do is to wait.
Take things a little more seriously.
In addition to being a great statesman, Churchill was a great writer.
I'm in need of money.
It was just as I thought.
The English have adopted many words from French.
All of you are diligent.
The meeting will be postponed till the 20th of this month.
How much will it cost to get to the airport?
Not a single cloud could be seen in the sky.
That's why you were always healthy.
We must cut our expenses to save money.
I wouldn't do it for the world.
It isn't worthwhile going there.
It all depends on the weather.
Don't put me in the same class with them.
Our train went at 200 kilometers an hour.
The cat's fur stood on end.
The apples are not quite ripe.
I was just about to go out when it began to rain hard.
Are you for or against his idea?
Is it hard to speak English?
Bob hurried home in order to watch the TV program.
Students often pursue their teacher with questions.
Why did you call me at this unearthly hour?
He, just like you, is a good golfer.
Our company failed to survive against cutthroat competition.
Food and clothes are necessities of life.
We thought it would rain; nevertheless, we started on our trip.
I'm playing a TV game.
How many nights would you like the room for?
Yes, orange juice please, says Mike.
Were you to take it back?
I will keep it in my bosom.
Do you still need tea?
She was wearing a black hat.
I will return the book as soon as I can.
Each member was called upon.
I don't see why I should not do that.
It rained heavily.
The handsomest flower is not sweetest.
Mary is always acting foolishly.
Someone hit me on the back.
That's quite absurd.
Some people read the newspaper while watching television.
Why don't you have a party?
I had otitis media last year.
Try to avoid bad company.
Peter fell in love with the girl.
The number of the chairs in the hall is 80.
In science class, we drew pictures of cells.
He is a living fossil!
What train goes to the center of town?
I hope to see his picture soon.
The nurse will tell you how to do it.
It isn't necessary to make a decision now about where we'll meet.
Mabel loves to chew the fat while playing bridge.
We regard the situation as serious.
Are there other universes outside our own?
Physically impossible.
The party was well along when I came.
Great scholar as he is, he is lacking in common sense.
I should have left earlier.
Tom can't play tennis.
Born in a rich family, he would have studied in England.
He smoked as if nothing had happened.
Study the student more.
Place the deck of cards on the oaken table.
Could you gift wrap it?
The hall was filled with students, many of whom were girls.
Why do you need change?
It is time I was going.
Your composition is free from all grammatical mistakes.
I have to attain my purpose at all costs.
Stop criticizing me!
How unlucky I am!
London, the capital of England, is on the Thames.
I beg you forgive me.
The soccer game will be played, even if it rains.
Call the police!
Do you have professional experience?
That's quite to my taste.
Salt is necessary for a cook.
We planted peanuts instead of cotton.
Bill's abrupt manner causes him to be misunderstood.
There were so many people.
The sun rose from the sea.
Chestnuts have to be boiled for at least fifteen minutes.
If you are honest, I will hire you.
We must look at the problem from a global point of view.
You are sure to succeed in time.
Do you have friends in Antigua?
Tom's report leaves much to be desired.
You seem to like fruit.
I should be glad if you got the job.
Why he did it is beyond my comprehension.
Please remember to mail the letter.
The TV won't turn on.
Mr White wanted to help them.
I don't want to go if you don't go with me.
Off hand, I'd say her problem is shyness.
I'm going to see a horror film.
Don't get so excited!
It's about time.
It simply doesn't bear thinking about.
The hall could seat a thousand people before it was partitioned.
Don't you smell something burning in the next room?
I will sell the boat in accordance with your orders.
I believe in exercising regularly.
You should avail yourself of the chance to go abroad.
Please tell me where to park my car.
The thief entered through a broken window.
Doctors should help sick or injured persons.
We saw an island in the distance.
Mike said that he was very careless.
Why are you under the desk?
The holiday continues to be very boring.
I'll deal out three to each.
It's more economical to go by bus instead of taking a taxi.
We will employ a man who can speak English.
Say what you will; I won't change my mind.
People traveling abroad always have to get used to new food.
Something might go wrong.
How are you going to carry it out?
I want a lot.
Put everything on my tab. I'll settle it when I check out.
The football game is now on the air.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
I can't see anything with my right eye.
Those chairs are in the way.
Which do you like better, Denver or Montreal?
Before we go anywhere, we should exchange some money.
An apparently small event may lead to a great result.
I regret that I told you.
The late Mr Smith was a doctor.
I can wait for him no longer.
Do you want to come along?
You had better give up smoking for your health.
I don't think, therefore I am not.
Listen to me with your textbooks closed.
He is rich yet he lives like a beggar.
Fear crept into my heart and settled there.
Did you enjoy the movies?
Because she felt sick.
Mr Ito loosened his tie because he felt hot in his office.
Some of the luggage hasn't arrived yet.
I lost my travelers checks.
Don't keep me waiting here like this.
We eat so we can live.
If it were not for his assistance, we could not carry out the project.
You should not play on his generous nature.
Helen does not eat enough and she is getting thin.
I love lasagna.
Would you mind lending me your pen?
It's already September; however, it is very hot.
Cats catch mice.
Did you meet her?
It is very hot today.
The audience clapped when the concert was over.
Tony can play tennis very well.
Please make yourself comfortable.
They usually use an anchor to hold a yacht in place.
To my relief, he came home safe and sound.
For love is something you can't reject.
The car bumper absorbed some of the impact.
Porters often have to walk across the tracks.
The Rhine runs between France and Germany.
She came alive after taking a rest.
I would just as soon stay at home as go to the party.
I got up early in order to catch the first train.
Though many books are published, hardly a few of them are of value.
How cute!
Where did you find the key?
We think it is very dangerous that you're climbing the mountain alone.
You need to see a doctor.
Let us know when you'll arrive.
If the patient is unconscious, the family can make the decision.
We cannot live without air.
The press is interested in his private life.
The patient will soon recover from his illness.
There is a boy near the door.
Diamonds are a girl's best friends.
The surgeon took out his patient's appendix.
There's a problem there that you don't see.
It was too bad you couldn't come.
Movies often come to a happy end.
Mary said to me, "Are you ill?"
I was at my best after a good sleep.
I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.
You are to do as I tell you.
We have seldom seen such a sight!
You seem an honest man.
What do you call this insect in English?
We must keep the children from danger at all costs.
Take the right road.
Will you warm the milk, please?
Air is to man what water is to fish.
The car accident took place just in front of me.
Do you have a non-smoking section?
What?
Something seems to be wrong with my stomach.
The door was suddenly opened by Mike.
The rain washed away the dust.
It's easier for me to have a job than to do housework.
Having been written in haste, his letter was hard to read.
Money cannot buy freedom.
You look pale. What's the matter with you?
The chocolate cake tempted her even though she was dieting.
Since I failed last year, I don't want to try again.
Tom is lost in the game.
I didn't notice it.
We had a lot of furniture.
Mr White has gone to Canada.
The lodge rents by the day.
I have attached a Microsoft Excel file.
How come you say nothing?
I'm willing to help him.
How I wish I had been more careful!
Taking a little time off?
The noise of the heavy traffic kept me awake all night.
You must not keep company with such a mean fellow.
Chicken pox is an itchy nuisance for kids.
This part of the report may be left out.
I'm just looking around.
You should investigate the fact from a medical viewpoint.
The professor encouraged me in my studies.
But for your help, I should have failed.
Can you give me the recipe?
Cheese doesn't digest easily.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
I was afraid of getting lost in the dark.
Now there is neither God nor Buddha.
The password is "Muiriel".
A bad workman blames his tools.
I live near the sea, so I often get to go to the beach.
It is true in a sense.
I had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard.
It's no use worrying about it. There's nothing you can do.
Is it yours?
Here is your bag.
Those who violate the rules will be punished.
You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water.
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?
Chicken, please.
My education has made me what I am.
Had you come a little earlier, you could have met her.
What is the exchange rate for dollars now?
Toil and worry caused his health to break down.
The astronauts went up to the moon in a rocket.
Please don't mumble.
The fall from the ledge shattered his leg.
I'd like to have mustard on the side.
I ache for a sight of the sea.
The committee met and discussed whom to appoint to the post.
Mary took her beauty sleep before the big party.
When you come to Hawaii, I'll show you around.
I am only too pleased to come with you.
We are but men, not gods.
Let's speak in English.
Do you have anything cheaper?
I have lost interest in it.
I have to change the batteries in the radio.
In any case, it's wrong to break a promise.
Mr. Satoyama's work made a big impression in the world of haiku.
It was obvious that the driver had not been careful enough.
The bus will arrive within ten minutes.
Where is the boarding gate for UA 111?
Mayuko denied the rumor.
Please don't speak so fast.
We are a family of four.
It is a great pity that you don't know it.
You will be able to speak English.
We all pondered over what had taken place.
It is said that there will be a big earthquake in the near future.
He's almost as tall as me.
Will you go with Tom?
I can see some boats far away from the shore.
Bob can drive a car, too.
You're such a cute boy.
Go and wake up Mary.
Bob lost interest in rock music.
I'm looking for information on the Anderson Antique Shop in London.
It's too difficult for me.
It is fun to play cards.
He is nothing less than a thief to do such a thing.
Give me your opinion, please.
You wouldn't gain anything by a method like that.
Tony is a polite boy.
You should attend to your own business.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
They are muddy.
There were no visible dangers.
You may keep the book.
Our supply of food is exhausted.
If it hadn't been for his help, she might have drowned.
I'm catching on.
Almost everyone believed the rumor.
In Europe, people regard punctuality as a matter of course.
It is like the air we breathe.
You can get it at any bookseller's.
Can you afford the time for it?
What makes you so sad?
We celebrated the centenary anniversary day.
The job advertisement specifically requested females.
Certainly he is independent of him.
Don't leave my name out of your list.
Let's have some coffee during recess.
I spring out of the darkness.
I will never go out of my way.
If you work hard, you'll pass your exam.
While I was at it, I felt as if I was walking on thin ice.
You should know better at your age.
The price of books is getting higher these days.
For how long did the Maya culture flourish?
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.
What do you think I've been doing?
His official title at the company is Assistant to the President.
Lead bends easily.
It makes no difference to me whether Fred came to the party or not.
Mary would often sit alone on the porch.
What a pity you can't dance!
Tom showed his courage in the face of danger.
I have to go to the airport to meet my family.
May I have the menu, please?
It hardly ever rains here.
We have a lot of snow at this time of the year.
I have lived in Kamakura for twelve years.
You may act however you wish.
The doctor forbade me from taking part in the marathon.
Yumi can't finish it in a day.
What's going on in the cave? I'm curious. "I have no idea."
Take an umbrella with you in case it should rain.
Tom can swim no more than a stone can.
How much beer people drink largely depends on the weather.
Would you like some fruit?
Everyone is not honest.
How can I quit this job?
That doesn't accord with my principle.
I cried all night long.
I would like to see you again sometime.
I do a lot of work on the school newspaper.
We should obey our parents.
Left alone, the baby began to cry.
Your joke bears repeating.
This guarantees me par.
We live in the age of technology.
The sky is clear and the sun is bright.
I think your work is all right.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.
Do you know kabuki?
The strong east wind lashed at our faces.
He went to France to brush up on his speaking ability.
What time does the train for Boston leave?
In the first place, we have to decide on the name.
May I bother you for a moment?
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.
However fast you run, you won't be in time.
Where can I get a telephone card?
Where is it possible for you to see me?
My muscles have become soft.
Words of abuse poured from his lips.
When I came home, I felt very hungry.
What are you crunching on?
That's why I told you not to go by yourself.
No matter what happens, you must not give up.
Money enables you to buy anything.
The houses caught fire one after another.
The church is at the foot of the hill.
How do you think I learned to speak English?
There is a small garden in front of my house.
You can't see too well with these LCD displays.
If we want a peaceful life, we cannot help objecting to war.
It's merely a joke.
That depends on whether you are interested or not.
I must finish this work first.
Get to work, everybody.
I'd rather stay home than go out.
Maybe I will settle down with a woman.
The kite went upward.
It may freeze next week.
Leave my camera alone.
That will do me well.
I'm afraid I didn't explain it too well.
Most workers get an automatic pay raise every year.
Why don't you look in on Mr Anderson on your way back?
Charles I had his head cut off.
Give me a break.
Go straight ahead and you will find it. You can't miss it.
You don't have to make an apology.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
We all make fools of ourselves at times.
There are a lot of parks in London.
You shouldn't do such a thing.
The bad weather frustrated our plans.
The sun is shining in the sky.
He couldn't be good for you.
We can seat you soon.
If it were not for his help, I might fail.
Mother Teresa was born in Yugoslavia in 1910.
It was careless of you to leave your camera in the taxi.
I think you'd better take an umbrella in case it rains.
I must save the drowning child by all means.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
Don't cry before you're hurt.
Any time.
No sooner had I sat down and relaxed than the phone rang.
The missile attack took a heavy toll of lives.
What time do you usually get up?
No one is waiting at the bus stop. We may have missed the bus.
May I ask a question?
Language as we know is a human invention.
Lay the book on the table.
Doubtless you have heard the news.
In the first place, you should be punctual.
What's wrong with me?
I met him just now.
Everything eventually gets easier with practice.
Everyone makes a mistake at times.
Something might have happened to her.
Tom watched TV yesterday.
My past indiscretions are coming back to haunt me.
Hello, Tom. Good morning.
The rumor soon spread.
It is hardly worth discussing.
At last, he realized his mistakes.
Your answer is far from satisfactory.
A bear can climb a tree.
There's a pub just around the corner.
Fred tried to get to the door, but the table was in the way.
Cows provide us with milk.
The prince was confined in the castle for three years.
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?
You'll see the bank on the left hand side of the hospital.
I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol, but I do drink.
We eat fish raw.
Generally speaking, the weather was mild last year.
While in London, she studied English.
What's new?
You can go anywhere you want.
We are expecting him any moment.
He brought me a piece of information.
Excuse me; allow me to point out three errors in the above article.
I need an ashtray.
Quit pouting. Smile and cheer up.
I almost missed the train.
I believe you.
Do you have any CDs?
You must work hard in order not to fail.
It's been raining. The roads are wet.
Mayuko came out of the room.
Once you leave here, you can't come back again.
Let us do the work.
When Mary was a child, her family was dirt poor.
Those books look as if they're going to topple over any minute.
Tom always finds fault with her.
Marriage is made in heaven.
I'd like to talk with you in private.
The surgeon persuaded him to undergo an organ transplant.
The company went after its no. 1 customer complaint: power outages.
Our team scored five runs in the last inning.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
You are apt to be forgetful.
What with overwork and lack of nourishment, he became very ill.
When you exercise your heart beats faster.
Why are you so happy?
Our team has the game on ice.
Only six people were present at the party.
Many swallows will come soon from the south.
Why can't you take things just as they are?
The rain lasted a week.
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.
I leave to go home.
Nobody fell behind in the marathon race.
I feel like playing cards. "So do I."
The matter was settled.
I move that the meeting adjourn.
You are teachers.
Who wrote this book?
It would have been wiser to leave it unsaid.
I have gone astray somewhere in my calculations.
London is different from Tokyo climatically.
Ninety-nine always makes me laugh.
May I use your phone?
I took an art class last year.
It is not rare for girls today to talk as if they were boys.
No kidding!?
It's getting late, so we'd better get going.
Why all of a sudden did he ask me such a serious question?
I got control of the works.
Tom may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
If he had come five minutes later, he would have missed the train.
Tom is a good worker.
New York bristles with towering buildings.
A minute has sixty seconds.
You must account for your conduct.
Eat what you are served, no buts about it.
It's for my family.
It is clear that we cannot live without air.
You had better not smoke while on duty.
You should have refused his offer.
My feet started sticking in the muddy street. I nearly fell down.
Let's finish up in a hurry.
My television was broken down, so I had to get it repaired.
Science has made rapid progress in this century.
Overseas subsidiaries are putting out top-of the-line products.
I don't expect anything from you.
You can swim, can't you?
The time will come when you will understand this.
You ought not to sit up so late.
Our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station.
It is good for you to take exercise.
The wind blew harder yet when we reached the top of the hill.
What has estranged him from his sister?
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
Hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist.
The concert was well attended.
Black smoke came out of the chimney.
He gripped the tennis racket tightly.
How long have you been living in Tokyo?
I'm living in the city.
It is neither more nor less than absurd.
Why did you get lost in the woods?
You must not eat too much food at one time.
Your success depends on whether you pass the STEP examination or not.
Anybody can make a mistake.
Last night, I barely made the last train.
I want everything on it.
The station is dead ahead.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.
Ai finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
It is raining hard.
What made her so angry?
What subject do you think he is interested in?
For months, he did almost nothing.
The picnic was called off because of rain.
He explained how the accident came about.
I haven't heard from my son who is overseas.
After all she did not come.
The bank loaned him 500 dollars.
It's not likely that he went there.
I would buy it, except that it costs too much.
The accountant will go into these figures.
I plan to invite a lot of guests to the opening ceremony.
You don't understand.
This weekend, if possible.
I said it might rain.
The school is farther than the station.
Tom is absent.
I feel cold. Do you mind closing the window?
The chickens were scratching for food on the ground.
But maybe guys don't like them.
The mere idea of swimming across the river made me tremble.
How do you happen to know Mr Slater?
We're booked for the whole month on Broadway.
The hiking was called off because of the rain.
What do you say to going on a trip with me during summer vacation?
We will discuss the problem with them.
There are lots of benefits from travelling abroad.
The party was fun. You should have come, too.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
I slept well, after which I felt much better.
May sometimes spends the time by herself.
I'd like to have cake for dessert.
French developed from Latin.
The blare of the radio burst upon our ears.
Bob made room for an old woman on the bus.
That whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
You should eat more fruit.
I found it a lot of fun to play tennis with Paul.
It seems that there is something wrong with the telephone.
We face competition from foreign suppliers.
The bus fares have been raised by 20 percent.
Gold is more precious than any other metal.
Put the tables end to end.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the bus.
A horse passed my house.
I'd think twice about this.
You are nothing but a student.
I have never heard from him since.
If I were free, I would accept his invitation.
It would be better for you not to ask him for advice.
Do come again.
Technically he is still a student.
Is it going to rain?
Half of the town burnt down in the fire.
I wonder what makes it so fascinating.
Tom doesn't like cheese.
Show your ticket at the barrier.
Too much exercise does more harm than good.
We admit that he is a man of ability.
However we go, we must get there by seven.
What do you say to taking a rest?
Stop that, or I'll fix your wagon.
We can see a church over there.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
That won't work.
It was her wish to go to Paris.
You can't ride a horse.
Bill is honest all the time.
The colonists bartered with the natives for fur.
Prepare five postcard sized pieces of cardboard.
I like to perform magic tricks for kids, but they sometimes fall flat.
In case it rains, I won't go.
She'll get the better of you if you aren't careful.
I wonder what happened to Paul.
Swimming across the lake almost finished me.
A hunter hunted hares with his dog.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
You can rely on her.
He makes young girls' hearts flutter.
What season do you like the best?
There is no telling what will happen.
We call New York the Big Apple.
Have you ever had cheese with apple pie?
I have already done my homework.
Try the board surface first.
In summer, they used to play on the beach all day long.
It's not easy to master French at all.
Take, for instance, your family problems.
Before you leave home, make sure your pets have enough food.
We enjoyed playing tennis.
Rome has a lot of charm for me.
You had better start at once.
I have a great fear of being disdained by those I love and care about.
If something does happen, I'll just play it by ear.
Tom ate vegetable soup this morning.
I want to know if you'll be free tomorrow.
Her eyes become round in surprise.
I gotta keep on movin'.
I was barely able to work.
It was really good.
Seen from a spaceship, the Earth looks blue.
Kyoto is most beautiful in autumn.
Justice is expensive.
The doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease.
There are strange rumors afloat.
How did this dangerous state come about?
You're really a hard worker.
I can't wait any longer.
However hard you may try, you will not be able to do it.
The engineer seeks not so much to know nature as to make use of it.
There's enough food to go round.
The bridge is safe; you can drive across.
Arriving at the station, he found his train had gone.
Mike has been out of work for a year.
Have you made sure the door is locked?
I give you my word.
It's about time you set about cleaning the table.
It's an interesting piece of news.
Shareholders voted to liquidate the company's assets.
Almost no one believed her.
We were wont to meet at that pleasant spot.
Does Nancy want to have a dog?
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
The cat went through a gap in the fence.
I play tennis an hour a day.
When you're in a hurry, it's easy to make a mistake.
He was at a loss as to which faculty to choose.
Thank you for coming all the way to see me.
Is there a tour guide available?
Tom says that he can read a French book.
I have terrible pains.
My plan for the summer is to go to Europe.
We were attacked by swarms of bees.
Traveling abroad is one of my favorite things.
Why has the birthrate declined so sharply?
He who steals a pin will steal an ox.
The climate has much to do with our mind and body.
There was an unfortunate incident at home.
If she's not careful she'll tear a ligament doing that.
We shall overcome all our difficulties.
We are faced with new kinds of diseases.
When is checkout time?
If you do that, it will only bring about a contrary effect.
You should do exercise.
Tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
It is important that we make plans in relation to anticipated changes.
I am a flawed person, but these are flaws that can easily be fixed.
You have to learn standard English.
Don't give me such a sad look.
It's just like walking on the moon.
Don't you have anything better to do?
I'm gonna shoot him.
Snakes are said to mesmerize small animals and birds.
It won't be long before we know the truth.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world.
Please send me a picture of yourself.
You can't lift the piano.
Just a little more patience.
A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
I'll give you a temporary treatment.
There is no more room for a TV set.
Please give me something to eat.
You never listen. I might as well talk to the wall.
All you need is to get a driver's license.
My school is getting ready for the campus music festival.
It is foolish to read such a magazine.
Where was it that you found this key?
It's because you don't want to be alone.
There is no excuse for such behavior.
It is time for her to go home.
You should have known better.
A tea with lemon, please.
Never did I dream that I would take first place in the piano contest.
Why do you like coffee strong?
We Germans fear God, but nothing else in the world.
The rain lasted five days.
We'll finish it if it takes us all day.
Do you have medical insurance?
I can't say.
Have you finished packing yet?
Summer is the season when women look most beautiful.
What made you think so?
I could not see anything.
That's my sole concern.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I will, too.
There are 340 species of hummingbirds.
One person more or less doesn't make much difference.
We are looking forward to receiving your quote as soon as possible.
You surprised everybody.
I want to go abroad.
That's a job of your own choosing, isn't it?
I would like you to come with me.
The building you see over there is an auto factory.
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
You've got nothing to complain of.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
Could you knock down the price if I buy two?
We've been waiting for hours for you to show up.
We all consider that your idea is impractical.
Naomi is learning English with a view to going abroad.
Finally, Susan cuts her mother short, promises to write, and hangs up.
Who is the man sitting at the other end of the table?
No matter what you do, you must follow the correct order.
What has become of the book I put here a few minutes ago?
You cannot be too careful when driving.
Feeling the house shake, I ran outside.
Any watch will do, so long as it's cheap.
Picasso is a famous artist.
We elected Jane chairperson.
If you hurry, you will overtake him.
It's the same to me.
I don't feel like going out.
The conference closed at five.
The prince was changed into a frog.
You say Nessie is an imaginary being, but I think she exists.
Take all possible measures.
There's nothing good on television.
Stop making a fuss over nothing.
With the help of doctors, she got over her illness.
The hotel charged me 8000 yen for the room.
Bob has a lot of books in his room.
Why did you get up so early?
A lot of people went by on the main street.
You are not entitled to attend the meeting.
It will prove to be up to expectation.
We were compelled to put off our departure.
Ill news comes too soon.
The door will lock automatically when you go out.
You'll succeed if you try.
The blast-off took place on schedule.
Just put those packages anywhere.
Finally he invited all and sundry to partake of the cake and all.
One of the dogs is alive.
Can you tell wheat from barley?
I have a bad toothache.
He caught a chill because he went out in the rain.
We cannot do without salt even for a single day.
You must act under the leadership of your supervisor.
That was the most moving film I had ever seen.
We usually go out for drinking parties.
London's climate differs from that of Tokyo.
Tom is now in the fifth year.
The noise grew fainter, until it wasn't heard anymore.
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.
What makes him hated?
The girl in the picture is wearing a crown not of gold but of flowers.
We are familiar with the legend of Robin Hood.
Please lend me your car.
Put on your good shoes.
Yoshino is a place famous for its cherry blossoms.
Maybe it's about time I started learning to program.
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.
We've run short of money.
Where can I get a shuttle bus at the airport?
I'd like a double with a bath.
My memory is failing.
We will never countenance terrorism.
That will help revive a fashion of the past.
With a weak beat, it continues to bleed.
It was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish.
Mr Yoshida directed me to come at once.
There is an apple on the desk.
Suppose it rains tomorrow, shall we still go on the picnic?
We've set the meeting tentatively for Monday. It's subject to change.
Toshio can speak English very well.
Can I have something to eat?
Let's close ranks and do something new.
It rained after it had been dry for many weeks.
You are always digging at me about my clothes.
When you travel abroad, you usually need a passport.
The telephone was ringing when I got home.
I felt tired from having worked for hours.
So he went in.
At this hour, there is incredible traffic.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity to learn.
We've got to hurry. Mr Itoh will call the roll.
Have a nice Thanksgiving!
Please see that the job is finished.
I'm thinking of going abroad.
Supply will soon overtake demand.
Do not vary your plan so often.
A heavy rain began to fall.
More guests have come than the hall can hold.
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you.
Everybody was anxious to know what had happened.
I'll bring you the bill immediately.
Worms are sometimes beneficial to soil.
Is there enough money to get a bottle of wine?
If you work too long without a rest, it begins to tell on you.
Perhaps she doesn't remember my birthday.
Is there a Percy in your class?
If I could send you a marshmallow, Trang, I would.
Few were at the seaside because it was raining.
While I understand what you say, I can't agree with you.
If you run fast, you can catch the train.
Every actor has cold feet just before the beginning of a show.
You must be hungry to eat so much rice.
I've had enough, so my stomach is full.
The flowers were dying without water.
There's little chance of keeping slim, unless you stick to a diet.
Being left alone, the boy didn't know what to do.
It's a fair cop.
Of all places to meet you!
Are you freaking kidding me?!
From an objective viewpoint, his argument was far from rational.
There are many words that I don't understand.
You have to account for the result.
We had better start before it begins to rain.
Tennis is my favorite sport.
She scolded the child for coming home so late.
Our country is in a crisis.
Blossoms develop from buds.
I have sailed up the Thames once.
Bill joined our company three years ago.
We can have that for you by tomorrow; no sweat.
The bell rang and the train moved off.
What an animal it is!
But for my family, I would not work so hard.
I remember seeing you somewhere.
You stood out in our circle.
Nor am I ashamed to confess my ignorance.
A strong wind blew all day long.
Please give up smoking.
Everybody was interested in the story.
Mr Brown took charge of this class last year.
Party games bring a party to life.
Not all of us are born with musical talent.
Brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality.
Is there anyone there? Where am I?
You had better stay here a little longer.
Can you imagine me making a cake?
I thought you'd jump at the chance.
I wish I were a good singer.
You may take the book if you can read it.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
There still remains much to be done.
You must take advantage of the opportunity.
Hang in there. You can do it!
Clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long.
Students have a holiday on Foundation Day.
Please drop in on your way home.
What's the sense of working so hard?
The doctor advised him not to smoke.
What with joy and shame, she blushed to the ears.
Do you have a pen or pencil?
That's too much of a good thing.
I start in surprise.
Had it not been for the money, we would not have succeeded.
What sort of curtains do you think would go with the carpet?
The concert hall was so jam-packed there wasn't room to breathe.
Our journey by camel was quite an experience.
You are old enough to know this.
Go and speak to my colleague.
It serves our purpose.
In Britain, the banks open at 9:00 in the morning.
And, many times, I've cried.
May I start eating now?
Do not read such a book.
Technology is in itself meaningless unless it serves mankind.
They are all alike.
I hurried home.
It is beyond the boundaries of human intellect.
You can do it from the outside.
Bob wanted to keep the fox at home.
I do not mind what you do.
The flash of lightning precedes the sound of thunder.
He is wise enough not to do such a thing.
You ought to be ashamed.
Tom can run fast.
I wish you had told me the truth.
We've got to move very carefully.
I never saw a red fridge.
I couldn't help but turn down his offer.
No matter how fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
What the hell are you going to do with it?
I've got a pain in my side.
We were ten miles short of Boston.
Your point may be a little off target, but it certainly is close.
Mary had a dance with him at the party.
How did you get to know Mary?
I must hurry to class.
If you are free, come around to see me.
Science produced the atomic bomb.
I recognized her at first glance.
Have you ever visited the office where your father works?
You must consider what kind of work you want to do.
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
We must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
He has to work hard to support his family.
May I begin by thanking every one for your warm welcome?
It is difficult to walk 60 kilometers a day.
It has been three years since Bob started his own business.
Where does the airport bus leave from?
Do you know how to use a word processor?
We were filled with anger against the murderer.
What prevented her from coming yesterday?
You should only count on yourself--but even then, not too much.
We've finished cleaning our classroom.
Misfortunes never come singly.
You made a good decision.
Unable to accomplish the task by himself, he turned to me for help.
Teachers should treat all their students impartially.
Sit down again, Miss Curtis.
A bad workman always blames his tools.
We shared the benefit together.
Were I you, I would not do such a thing.
Mr Mailer is to stay here till tomorrow.
It took me several hours to write it.
What time do we have to check out?
Even though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
Were I you, I would follow his advice.
It was a heartbreaking story.
I have been reflecting on what you said to me.
If it were not for water, no creature could live.
Do you remember what day of the week Blue Sky Sports is closed?
I am no younger than you are.
I need first aid.
Your sister enjoys watching sumo wrestling on TV.
The concert concluded with the national anthem.
Since you say so.
It will not be long before the world runs short of food.
We tend to welcome only proof of what we already know.
We have two cats; one is white, and the other is black.
Could you explain it in more detail?
All of the students stood up together.
Give me another chance.
Whatever you may say, you won't be believed.
Of what value is it?
To master English is difficult.
The drinks looked cool and delicious.
Don't you feel like going to the movies?
He was stiff about it.
More haste, less speed.
It says on the label to take two tablets.
I'm not too clear about that point.
I'd like to talk to the hotel manager.
I almost think you're right.
It will stop raining soon.
If it had not been for your help, I would certainly have failed.
That which is evil is soon learned.
I paid 10 dollars for it.
Those proposals seem very much alike to me.
There was not a bloody soul.
Keep it secret, please.
I get goose bumps when I see a horror movie.
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
Who is in fault?
Why don't you study French?
You ought to have come to our party.
Mr. Hashimoto is fair to us.
I hope you have brains enough to see the difference.
The German Chancellor is plagued by immigration problems.
Tom sometimes rips off his customers.
I hate it when there are a lot of people.
It is necessary for you to see a doctor at once.
There was a big gold star on the door.
Change trains at Chicago for New York.
First of all, we have to finish the homework.
You'll certainly pass the coming exam.
It's all dark outside.
The audience is really charged up.
That would be lovely.
Fruits tend to rot quickly.
Don't keep the TV on!
Let's speak English.
The swimming boy is my brother.
The dirty plates in the restaurant disgusted us.
Love and Peace.
Lincoln's parents remained poor all their lives.
Bees make honey.
May we accompany you on your walk?
We spent the major part of our holidays in the country.
It is not far away from the hotel.
There is no air in space.
Was it by accident or by design?
Your dress is touching the wet paint.
We import coffee from Brazil.
You know, you made me cry.
There will be chaos unless we all adhere to the rules.
The tulips have begun to come up.
Don't you feel the house shaking?
The clouds are breaking.
Your sister looks as noble as if she were a princess.
Don't hesitate to tell me if you need anything.
I met Naomi on my way home and we had a chat.
A hard wind is blowing.
There is nothing wrong with you.
Which side won?
We have to defend our country from the foreign aggression.
I can no more swim than a fish can walk.
We would often sit up all night discussing politics.
My poor English cost me my job.
Bite down tightly, please.
What would you do in my place?
Please call in a doctor.
Tom called to her across the street.
Not bad.
You should have worked harder.
It was a great shock to me.
Brian bought a lipstick for Kate.
We are interested in your service.
That's very kind of you.
That's a tall order.
I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
Today the sky is a cloudless blue.
Many paintings hang in the shop.
It was in 1989 that the Berlin Wall was taken down.
It kept raining for a week.
Where shall I wait for you?
Learning English requires patience.
Every student has to leave school by six.
They were left speechless.
A car drew up in front of my house.
I'm starving!
You should prepare a room for the visitor.
On no account must you touch that switch.
Bite the bullet.
I had met him once before.
New York State is almost as large as Greece.
Are you going to pull curfew on me?
That is a matter of degrees.
Takeshi keeps a diary in English.
Maintaining a high salt diet may contribute to high blood pressure.
Every Friday night they went and got liquored up.
I can no more speak French than you can speak English.
Someday I'll run like the wind.
Our debt is more than we can pay.
Wholesale prices had been basically flat.
There is a cat under the bed.
Whichever you take, you will like it.
I'm keeping a record of basal body temperature.
I was fined 20 dollars for illegal parking.
Do you remember?
You are watching TV all the time.
We had better cancel the hike.
The doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape.
Turn down the TV.
The doctor advised him to abstain from drinking.
The fire was put out at the cost of a fireman's life.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
At last, Mayuko achieved her goal.
It has too many disadvantages.
It was announced that the meeting would be put off.
It began raining just now.
I must leave now.
He said to me, "Study hard, and you will pass the test."
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.
Didn't you write a letter to him?
Peter remarked that the pudding was too sweet.
Don't be absurd.
Please feel free to use my dictionary.
We have many difficulties before us.
You had better have your car washed.
Where did you get it?
I rediscovered the importance of constant efforts.
Stick a notice on the board.
While getting off the bus, she heard her name called.
Does Tom like tomatoes?
I applied for a visa.
Your pitching is far superior to mine.
It's enough for five days.
My eyelid feels hot.
I didn't hear what you said.
We are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut.
I haven't put on the jacket yet.
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.
You will soon regret your rash conduct.
I do nothing of the kind.
Where to go and what to see were my primary concerns.
How do you know me? Nathanael asked.
Your story reminded me of my younger days.
My throat feels dry and raw and scratchy.
I don't think so.
We confirmed her death.
What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds?
The obstacles to our progress have been removed at last.
Mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school.
A rush-hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours.
There is a cat under the desk.
How about taking a rest?
Written in French, this book is not easy to read.
What do I have?
That sounds too good to be true.
Hi! How are you?
The hotel provided us with sandwiches and coffee.
Churches were erected all over the island.
You have only to believe him.
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.
Just keep your fingers crossed.
They went back and forth all day and part of the night.
Half of the melon was eaten.
Why on earth did you sell your newly built house?
I wish Beth were here with me now.
You had better leave it unsaid.
Can you break away from your parents?
It is not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
What made it difficult for you to carry out the plan?
Will you have another slice of pie?
How many points is a try worth?
Is that all?
Bob helped me.
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
You may as well follow his advice.
Please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra.
The bank accommodated him with a loan of 10,000 yen.
The leader of the party is a famous scientist.
It's difficult to get the car going on cold mornings.
It's too bad that I don't need to lose weight.
Sitting on the rock, she sang a sweet song as she combed her hair.
I had a nightmare.
We should lose no time in leaving here.
If the hay caught fire, it would be a real disaster.
I'll give you a piece of my mind.
To my surprise, they ate the meat raw.
I don't mind if you smoke.
You have to report to the police at once.
You're off in your reckoning.
Beer sales are at the mercy of the weather.
We must decide when to start.
It will not make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
I'm sure I've seen him before.
It was not long before we met again by chance.
Mayuko dived into the cold water.
It may give rise to serious trouble.
Many stars are twinkling in the sky.
You are naughty.
They are melons.
Joy was mingled with sorrow.
Not knowing what to do, we telephoned the police.
All the students protested against the war.
Our plans for the vacation are still up in the air.
The French flag is blue, white and red.
I'm surprised that Beth didn't enjoy her time at the farm.
You wash the dishes, Ben.
If you want to go to college, study English harder.
You should leave it for tomorrow.
I hope you will have a good time in Europe.
Stop beating on the door!
Huh? Oh, I'm sorry.
The loss of money made it impossible for him to go abroad.
Doctors advise us on our health.
What are you looking for in the dark room?
It is necessary.
The picture hangs over the table.
We should judge matters on a broader basis.
Above all, logic requires precise definitions.
How was your summer vacation?
I think I'll go in for tennis.
We have our backs to the wall.
Tom Skeleton was shaking and trembling in every limb.
It feels like rain.
The athletic meet was put off until next week.
The express train went by so fast that we hardly saw it.
What woke you up?
The rightmost lane is now under construction.
If I had known about it, I would have changed my plan.
If I were you, I would go home at once.
I hear you are taking English lessons.
Most creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
Each of the students has to attend the meeting.
You can pick out any book you like.
Bus rates have stayed the same for two years.
Two for the lunch buffet, please.
Let's take a rest for a while.
It was foolish of you to accept his offer.
I just don't know what to say.
The Tsubasa is a very fast train.
For others, it is a vision of what could be.
The lamp was swinging back and forth.
I missed the train by only one minute.
I'd like some information about your new computers.
Corporate earnings in the first quarter improved sharply.
After the exam we compared the answers we'd written.
It might rain before evening.
Don't fall in love because we hate you still.
Betty always managed to get what she wanted.
Can I help you?
Learning without thought is labor lost.
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
It's under the table.
It's easy to fall into bad habits.
Well, here we are!
The vase fell from the table and crashed to pieces.
Thousands of stars shone in the heavens.
What a beautiful vase it is!
The community is made up of individuals.
I was caught in the rain and got wet.
I'm sure that Ted's cough is due to smoking.
You may sit wherever you like.
There was a small audience in the hall.
Even the cleverest man sometimes makes mistakes.
I am very glad school is over.
I should have paid a little more attention.
We were all very happy at breakfast.
He is a foreigner, as is evident from his accent.
The doctor didn't allow me to go out.
What is the emergency telephone number?
Many typographical errors were found.
The brake isn't working well.
Beth had to work very hard, and now she is hungry and exhausted.
You depend too much on others.
You should have locked, or at least closed, all the doors.
If your coffee is too strong, add some sugar.
Do you want to come along and give it a go?
Your cake is delicious.
When we were on the brink of starvation, they saved our lives.
He was far from clever in his school days.
A lot of things happened and my schedule was messed up.
Are you meeting someone here?
I play in a band.
The girl standing over there is Mary.
Please show me your bag.
Please find me my overcoat.
Your wish will come true in the near future.
At last, the gem was in his hands.
You will miss the train if you don't hurry.
It really hit the spot.
Have you ever been to Paris?
The price does not include the case.
The slugger was easily put out.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
Nancy was the first girl to come.
We had to wait a little while for a bus.
How did it all come about?
Tom is in the house.
People could have avoided many mistakes by simple experiments.
Love and hate are opposite emotions.
How is your family?
You're just being diplomatic.
We must try to conserve our natural resources.
Yes, she will.
Hard work has made Japan what it is today.
There is no objection on my part.
The committee will be opposed to the proposal.
Please wait outside of the house.
If you think this is wrong, you must speak out.
Even if she comes to see me, tell her I am not at home.
He's very forgetful of things.
He has said so himself to my knowledge.
A cursory examination of his teeth indicated that he had gingivitis.
You had better see a doctor; it may not be just a cold.
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
Could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor?
Whether it rains or not, the game is going ahead.
An empty bag can't stand upright.
It is necessary for you to go.
We have been friends ever since.
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
The red lamp lights up in case of danger.
Have you ever heard of Nessie?
To prevent hijacks, all carry-on baggage is carefully inspected.
Let us go home.
We have specific proof of your innocence.
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office.
But that he was idle, he would have succeeded.
A little heavier rain might cause a flood.
Rules are to be observed.
I will do it at the first opportunity.
He has led a loose life since then.
Where can I get a taxi?
The flag is up.
How did a total stranger know his name?
It is interesting to play basketball.
Is there a photo shop in the hotel?
We must always try to serve others.
We went to the lake to row a boat.
May I go out for a short walk?
Mike is proud of his father being rich.
Except for Bill, they all made it.
Those children have no one to care for them.
I have no more time to talk with you.
He left his team as he could not get along with the manager.
The murderer was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
Why do we have dreams?
He called his father as he went up the stairs.
The news says that there was a big earthquake in Greece.
Michael was seen to leave by the side door.
I don't for a moment doubt your honesty.
No one had ever thought of selling ice before.
Keep it in a cool place.
At last, he solved the question.
No more than 50 people came.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.
My happy schooldays will soon be behind me.
Is it Japanese food?
I used to work in a noisy room.
Tom is more than a match for me in chess.
Our campus festival is to be held next week.
You always take things too easy.
It is what the law ordains.
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
Please correct my pronunciation.
Please remain seated until the bus stops completely.
Do you have less expensive ones?
Have you got any preference between beef and lamb?
Have you determined whom you will invite to the party?
Turn the radio down.
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?
Please remind me to post the letter.
I will share the cost of the taxi with you.
For better or worse, she will have the operation tomorrow.
Everybody put their foot down.
I'll be as quiet as a mouse.
We should make the best of the limited natural resources we have.
Ben committed his diary to the lawyer's care.
I couldn't get to sleep.
It is just five o'clock.
Harry is only 40.
I'll lend you one if you like.
He asked me to speak more slowly.
It is up to you how you take it.
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.
You might as well wait until Tuesday.
Please speak more loudly so that everybody can hear you.
Don't make fun of foreigners.
May I make so bold as to request your assistance?
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give money to him.
Tracy possesses a house and a car.
I think you're right.
We must make up for the loss.
It is used by a great many people.
Smoking is responsible for many cases of lung cancer.
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.
Tom looks pale.
Come what may, we must remain cheerful.
I'm afraid it will rain.
How stupid of me to do so!
Tomorrow is my day off.
You should be ashamed of your folly.
How did you arrive at this conclusion?
Don't open the door.
Where's the information desk?
You are always as busy as a bee.
I know better than to quarrel with her about trifles.
That's a matter of course.
The condition of the patients changes every day.
Provide starving people with food.
School begins at nine and is over at six.
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
Yes, I am. Are you Mr Nakano?
Betty is crazy about dancing.
The person whose name was on the passport was described with words.
Tony runs every day.
Let's get an open ticket.
The king governed the country.
If I had enough time, I would talk with you.
There was a tall tree in front of my house.
Please hold on to the strap.
Mayuko avoided doing hard work.
I cannot speak German.
I got slapped on both cheeks.
I'll miss your cooking.
Talk of the devil and he is sure to appear.
You needn't have bought such an expensive book.
It doesn't matter whether your answer is right or wrong.
Did you ever see the fish?
As soon as we get the tickets, we'll send them to you.
The yacht sailed before the wind.
Buses, trains and planes convey passengers.
There must be another way.
We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel.
It's not worth crying over.
Aoi is a very good dancer.
The flowers brightened the room.
Me, I prefer coffee to tea.
We have enjoyed peace for more than 40 years.
I heard a shot just now.
You are not supposed to smoke at school.
It looks like rain. You had better take in the washing.
Which team is likely to win?
There is a hole in your sock.
Let this smoky air out of the room and let some fresh air in.
I found the very thing you had been looking for.
Cheap sake makes you sick.
The sky clouded over.
You should eat more vegetables.
Close the door, please.
Would you please send me a catalogue by mail?
Taking out a knife, he tried to open the can.
I was having a very good time, when the sad news came.
There is enough bread for all of you.
Can you tell me where Main Street is?
Don't go out of your way.
All you can do is trust one another.
We'd like a bottle of rosé.
Your study will bear fruit.
Larger pirates often preyed on unarmed merchant ships.
I have to go to bed.
The sea is not clear.
Give me a hoist.
I'm afraid your plan will not work.
No matter how humble it is, there's no place like home.
That is a fruit of your effort.
I can't put up with that noise any longer.
The ice will give under your weight.
Nothing is so pleasant as traveling alone.
She looks as if she's laughing to herself.
How careless you are to forget such an important thing!
Hurry up, and you will be on time.
You had better begin with easier questions.
That will put you in danger.
It matters little where he is from.
Everything that has meaning can be called language.
Those plans seem much alike to me.
Dancing is a delight to me.
We shall all miss you when you go away.
Bill is equal to the task of running the firm.
Just then she came into my room.
Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
Tim is the black sheep of the Jones' family.
Picasso kept drawing pictures until he was 91 years old.
We have discussed the problem several times but to no avail.
We gave you credit for more sense than that.
I'm concerned about the result of the exam.
The house is on fire!
I ran and ran, but missed the train.
I didn't like rock music at first, but it soon grew on me.
It'll be forgotten in a few months' time.
You are the wickedest witty person I know.
His neighbors are suspicious of him.
Since then he has put his soul into his work.
If you are wrong, I am wrong too.
The opening address alone lasted one hour.
Crying loudly, the little girl hurried to the door.
Did Tom use to play hooky?
What language is spoken in America?
He made for the door to answer the knock.
I can afford no further delay.
The chances are that the bill will be rejected.
The toilet won't stop running.
I didn't do well on the test so my parents chewed me out.
We find ourselves in the twilight of our civilization.
Tom pulled a long face when he heard the story.
Clouds are flying across the sky.
There used to be a restaurant in front of this bus stop.
Mr Ito teaches history.
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
You are supposed to obey the law.
Health is better than wealth.
We were all shaking from the bitter cold.
Let's play baseball when the rain stops.
What a big dog that is!
Didn't you see a dog pass through the yard?
Mike is the only man on the board.
Who was the inventor of the radio?
Hold your horses, young man.
Corporations are competing to fill the vacuum.
In Europe and America they regard the dog as a member of the family.
I will do it on condition that you support me.
What changes the world is communication, not information.
The candle's flame is flickering in the soft breeze.
English is an international language.
Why don't you go on a diet?
Come and see, said Philip.
It happened one night.
Not hardly. He eats like a goat.
You had better take into consideration that you are no longer young.
Her cheeks were tinged with red by the warmth of fire.
I will get even with you some day.
There isn't any solution.
Will you tell me where I am wrong?
Before we get out of the taxi, we pay the fare.
People from Madrid are weird.
I found that restaurant by accident.
Every student passed the driving test.
Are you still smarting over my remarks?
I understand your position perfectly.
A great revolution has taken place in technology.
I wish I earned more money.
Fortunately, I've got you to talk to.
I have not got rid of my bad cold yet.
At last we can afford a house.
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.
Which way goes to the city hall?
The hardness of diamond is such that it can cut glass.
Were the earth to stop revolving, what do you suppose would happen?
The meeting was arranged for Tuesday.
We have not yet discussed which method is better.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought the bag.
The bus leaves in five minutes.
The company withdrew from the project.
Put it wherever there is room.
So, we finally meet! I've waited so long for this moment.
The bride looked very beautiful.
We'll likely go to the ball game tomorrow.
Keep the door open.
It's a bundle of contradictions.
Have a safe trip.
Almost all the students know about it.
Ask me anything!
In days gone by, things were different.
The meeting started at ten.
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
We will soon be ready for the party.
I explained to her what the matter was.
If you say so, you are telling a lie.
Let bygones be bygones.
It was only an informal party.
Won't you come with me?
Company attorneys are working around the clock to complete the merger.
Have you gotten yourselves acquainted?
Let's play cards instead of watching television.
Where do you attend high school?
Let's eat out for a change.
I don't mind the cold, but I can't stand the heat.
With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous.
Communication takes many forms.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
The best is often the enemy of the good.
Keep it quiet.
That has no bearing on our plan.
It took them two years to build the house.
Will you play some dance records?
Fishing is one of the most popular hobbies.
Really? I thought she'd be the last person to get married.
Avoid smoking excessively.
I must admit that I snore.
Who has taken my handbag?
Cars are running one after another before our eyes.
The watch on the desk is mine.
Let's get a picture of us with the sea in the background.
We have a traitor among us.
The thieves knocked off another bank today in a daytime robbery.
What's the daily rate for a Toyota?
Tom expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Mari has been in Hungary.
I will not allow you to be ill-treated.
The yen is still low against the dollar.
The greenback lost ground against the yen.
The rain prevented us from playing baseball.
Meg is filled with excitement.
The meeting will begin at 6:00 and dinner will be served at 7:00.
Bill, did you take Spot for a walk yet?
Have you got over your cold yet?
We accepted his offer.
May I trouble you for the salt?
The foreign minister attended the talks.
I'll come again when you are free.
It is too early to get up.
I wonder who discovered it.
These days more and more people are traveling abroad.
The bill amounted to 500 dollars.
Are you fond of swimming?
Tom came running with a letter from Judy.
What a pleasant journey we had!
No poverty can catch up with industry.
Don't make light of me.
Tom has an eye for modern art.
We were allowed to speak either in English or in Japanese.
Attend the meeting.
His business in New York was a great success.
Ours is a mechanical age.
Whomever you may ask, you can't get a satisfactory answer.
Let's make it brief.
He may be clever, but he often makes careless mistakes.
You need not have woken me up.
We rented an apartment when we lived in New York.
You are frustrated with your work.
You wrote this book?
Every child needs someone to look up to and copy.
Some English adverbs function as adjectives.
My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance.
No matter where you may travel, be sure to phone me once a week.
I never see you but I think of my brother.
Thanks to television, boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books.
It is absurd to idle away the student life.
Does Toshio like Sachiko?
Zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after London.
The President of France visited Okinawa.
I saw a figure approaching in the distance.
I spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me.
The manager deals with many problems.
It is the first step which is troublesome.
Stand at ease!
We are full just now.
Uh, will you excuse me?
The button came off.
I'm just looking, thank you.
I expect that Tom will pass the exam.
Where should we meet?
Mr Davis looks very tired.
Always keep a bucket of water handy, in case of fire.
Muiriel likes to annoy me lately.
Where are you planning to stay?
The royal wedding was a great spectacle.
What a wonderful family.
It was a mouse.
If I were to die, what would my family do?
Please put me through to Mr Black.
We use words in order to communicate.
It's a piece of cake.
It will be 5:30 presently.
It's simple. Just ask anybody.
I want to go on a journey around the world if possible.
Do it a second time.
Can I turn off the TV?
You're wide of the mark.
Soon, he learned how to speak English.
Who were you talking with?
But for air, all living things would die.
I'd better go to bed now.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand.
Meg called you during your absence.
In terms of salary, that job is fantastic.
They're making too much noise. I can't concentrate.
Look, here comes your mother.
Every driver must follow the traffic rules.
Let's have a serious talk about your future.
Everybody's fault is nobody's fault.
Cheap imports will glut the market.
Air, like food, is a basic human need.
There are 5 computers in the house, but 2 of them are useless.
Ostriches are incapable of flight.
No one who owns a pet is allowed to live in this apartment building.
There happened to be a train accident early that morning.
We Japanese come of age at twenty.
What's going on in that area right now?
Written in English, this book is easy for me to read.
In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
Bob is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.
Tony can run fastest in our class.
It was at Oxford University that Tom studied history.
Betty talks as if she knew everything.
No matter how fast you ran, you cannot win.
He is rolling in riches.
There are people who don't like spinach.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
Banks are cutting lending to industrial borrowers.
Bill is skillful in arguing and debating.
I heard a cotton candy shop has just opened. Let's go, dudes.
It's almost six o'clock.
Insure your house against fire.
Can you do it in one day?
I was compelled to leave school.
Our success depends upon whether you will help us or not.
We must devise some means of escape.
Yes, Bob helped me.
Were you to know the fact you would be surprised.
It's so cold that the river has frozen over.
I wanted to show it to you.
We're eating up a lot of time writing letters by hand.
The boy who writes best wins the prize.
I feel sort of dizzy and I feel like throwing up.
I have a bad headache.
I have to do laundry while it's still sunny.
I can't walk any farther.
Did you break the window on purpose or by accident?
I propose that we should have another meeting.
Your daughter's on drugs.
He seems to know all about her past.
Who wants some hot chocolate?
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr Johnson.
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.
Not having seen him before, I'll not be able to recognize him.
I don't agree with you.
Do you mind if I turn on the radio?
Scientists regard the discovery as important.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
The teachers greeted the little boy.
Have another glass of beer, please.
Generally speaking, there is little rain here in June.
Where do I return cars?
London is among the largest cities in the world.
That's not absolutely certain.
You'll be hearing from us soon.
Bob forgot to bring the pass, which made him late for school.
People sometimes compare death to sleep.
Suddenly, he changed the subject.
On the whole, I am in favor of your opinion.
You may have mistaken Jane for his sister.
The children ran toward the classroom.
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.
Pink and rose are similar colors.
We had a rough time.
Mike doesn't have to wash his mother's car today.
I was moved.
Oh! Show it to me please.
Aside from his salary, he receives money from investments.
Don't go to extremes. To be moderate is important in anything.
Leo started to roar when he was two years old.
Your camera is only half the size of mine.
Try it once again.
You must make up for the loss.
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
Mary got the nod from among some 500 applicants.
They are all of a price.
My love has gone far away.
When the company refused to increase their wages, they walked out.
A pound is a unit of weight.
We need money to do anything.
Would you mind if I turned the TV on?
I don't see how you can eat that stuff.
I am seeking a person who can write a personal computer manual.
I will make it clear that I won't come again.
Germany has produced many scientists.
I see it rarely.
Don't you know that he has been dead for these two years?
Tom worked like a madman.
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
We'll go for a drive next Sunday.
I'm not ready yet.
Where did you get your hair cut?
You must not smoke till you grow up.
By mistake I boarded a train going in the opposite direction.
Hawaii enjoys good weather the year round.
Please come dressed up.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
I see. And what can I do to help you with this?
I had a narrow escape.
That topic is too intimate to share with casual acquaintances.
Each package contains a score of cigarettes.
It is too difficult a problem for me to solve.
Bad people are at the helm of the nation.
On arriving at the station, I went to see my uncle at his office.
I'm not inspired anymore.
He asked me to pass him the salt.
It is difficult to peg the direction of interest deregulation.
You must be careful not to make him angry.
Can you take over driving for a while?
The media sells a trace of hatred at bargain prices.
So a new problem soon became apparent.
We cannot distinguish her from her younger sister.
Prepare yourself for the day when robots are at your side.
I hope you will be quite well again before long.
How can you say that?
Absence of rain caused the plants to die.
Fred wrote his mother a long letter.
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
I am sure that Jim made up that story.
I took it for granted that you would join.
I have peace at home.
Hurry up and set the table for dinner.
We must think about the community.
Old friends were invited to the reception.
You just need a good rest.
I am seeking the path to the end of the universe.
Our eyes should meet when we shake hands.
We bought the goods at $3 a dozen.
Madonna is a beauty.
Keep an eye on the bags.
I'm feeding the goldfish.
Your estimation of him is a little high, to say the least.
We have limited resources.
No sweet without sweat.
We have been completely cornered.
After the rain, there were puddles on the street.
We definitely heard that sound.
Have you ever visited Rome?
Who runs faster, Yumi or Keiko?
And when you talk to me, take off your hat.
In order to relax, I need to listen to soothing music.
Stop calling me names. That'll do you no good.
In the bus, a boy made room for an old woman.
Here's a magazine for you to read in the plane.
The temperature has suddenly dropped.
Delight is the opposite of sorrow.
I think exams are ruining education.
What do you learn English for?
Why was I turned down for the job?
The bus will come soon.
Well, let's talk turkey.
That's not the case.
Get it and put it on the fire.
The fire consumed the whole building.
The bad weather marred the ceremony.
What payment options are available?
Did you read it at all?
Can I have the menu again, please?
Robert has not yet been late for a meeting.
You'll find the shop around the corner.
I have chubby fingers, so I can't use a small keyboard.
All are welcome.
Tom likes hot curry.
Tony stood at the door.
On entering a dark tunnel, we could see nothing.
Eat not only fish, but also meat.
What would you do if you were ten years younger?
Any seat will do.
The holidays ended all too soon.
Muiriel is 20 now.
We adjourned the meeting for lunch.
I hope I'll see you again soon.
Students must keep silent during class.
A student should not lose sight of his own identity.
You should not resort to drinking.
Dr. White acted as our interpreter.
The bus arrived ten minutes behind time.
Bring me the Kleenex.
You have many caring friends.
Until Mary gets back to work, we'll have to make do with Ken.
He would not go out.
Any book will do as long as it is instructive.
I want your opinion.
I did some work after breakfast and went out.
I guess I haven't made myself clear.
David remained on the platform while the train was in sight.
Most of our money goes for food.
Tom is as tall as Jim.
When I see you, you always remind me of my brother.
Please give me leave to go home.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
We applauded his honesty.
Tom got angry at the children.
That's terrible.
Our meeting rarely starts on time.
Bush followed Reagan as president.
Whether it's good or not, let's do it anyway.
The bee alighted on the flower.
You look pale today.
There appears to be a misunderstanding.
The trip back was very comfortable.
It being very cold, we stayed at home.
I had a miscarriage last year.
Do you deny that you went there?
I did see him.
The bus runs between the school and the station.
What are you doing that for?
Rarely does he go out on Sunday.
You ought to eat more slowly.
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
Your comic books are on the shelf.
Does he know that you love him?
I don't know whether you like her or not.
Hit the ball on the rise.
Actually it might be a good idea to start right now.
In her elementary school days, Mary dreamed of becoming a teacher.
The exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office.
Above all, we must be healthy.
We would die without air.
What has brought you here?
Did you reserve a room at the hotel?
We called upon him for a speech.
Were the sun to rise in the west, she would not change her resolution.
What if he should happen to be late?
Are you writing a letter?
Everything seemed to go wrong with me.
You make mistakes if you do things in a hurry.
Brian kept Kate waiting.
Read the meter.
That will never disappear.
You belong in a better place than this.
Where's the counter for the United Airlines?
Enter by the narrow gate.
We cannot speak too highly of his great achievements.
You have a good friend in me.
You look very good in blue.
It's been raining since last night.
I adore going to the cinema.
It is about time you went to school.
If anything, she isn't any better today.
I wonder what it is like to travel through space.
What subjects are you taking at school?
It's not quite certain.
No sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared.
The engine came back to life.
Winter is drawing on.
Even if you stop me, I won't change my mind.
I'll give you as many as you like.
We communicated with each other by gesture.
The word processor will save you a lot of trouble.
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
I will do my best to put such an idea out of your head.
They say that he hates to study.
Won't you give me something cold to drink?
It's going to clear up soon.
She didn't turn up after all.
It was during my college years that I took up tennis.
We held a party in honor of the 20th anniversary of our company.
We will get through the jungle somehow.
I tried to open the door, and the doorknob came off.
Do you want to be rich?
Bill got mad and called Dick names.
Would you please lock the door?
Are there any discount tickets for me?
The party set out for Kobe.
I'm going away for the summer holiday.
Would you slice me a piece of ham, please?
Tom has been beating the drum for the project.
If you do that to him, he will cut your throat.
You bought the food, so if I buy the wine that will even things up.
And open your textbook at page ten.
Everyone burst into laughter.
I am disgusted with you.
First of all, it is too expensive.
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
You're carrying this too far.
Your efforts will be rewarded in the long run.
Would you lend me your pen?
I would like the least expensive one.
You don't have to tell it to me if you don't want to.
Try as you may, you will never win first prize.
Dr. Patterson: Yes, it was horrible.
The first baseman is the Achilles heel of our team.
It is Pochi's food.
When the fire broke out, he was fast asleep.
It is certain that the price of gold will go up.
How did you get to know about her?
You may sit down in the chair.
If I had had to do it, I would have done it at that time.
The wind calmed down.
What is the principle reason for going to school?
You'd better put your cigarette out before Terry sees it.
It went just as we expected.
Friday is when I am least busy.
The police car was driving at fairly high speed.
Only one stack had a real bill on top.
They went on a hike, though it rained.
Technology has failed to ease the conflict between man and nature.
Wit is to conversation what salt is to food.
She is no more beautiful than her mother is.
Hamlet acts as if he were insane.
What's your wish?
It is bad manners to eat with a knife.
The day is almost over.
It was a big black American warship.
Your conduct is perfectly legal.
As a matter of course, he is quite right.
Germans are a frugal people.
My pen isn't as good as yours.
Why do you think so?
If you are going to smoke, please go outside.
My shoes are too small. I need new ones.
The faculty meeting adopted the dean's proposal.
I'm afraid I have a crack in my right arm.
You can't stay in here all day.
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
I stared back at her in surprise.
I would like to give him a present for his birthday.
Mayuko appears wise.
If I had 25% more income, I'd be more satisfied with my life.
Please put some candles on the birthday cake.
I used to listen to the calls of the wild birds in this forest.
A blonde is speaking to her psychiatrist.
Bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike.
You shouldn't talk about people behind their backs.
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.
Tell them to call me before they leave.
When it rains, she takes the bus.
Such a strange thing is not likely to happen.
Have you got any beer?
We were moved to tears.
Speak more slowly.
I heard something fall to the ground.
I may as well go out rather than stay at home.
You did not come to school yesterday.
The fiscal austerity may lead to an overkill of the economy.
One more effort, you will get on in life.
You're always anticipating trouble.
I didn't mean to sound so harsh.
Fred's house has five rooms.
Can you prove it?
Mr Brown was sick at the time.
Pleasure is the source of pain.
We fought for everyone.
Ted waited for her for a long time.
It was apparent to everybody that our team was stronger.
I can't allow you to do that.
Recovery was almost impossible.
The day will come when you will realize it.
I'm looking forward to your visit during summer vacation.
How long have you been teaching English?
Paul put on gloves before going out.
It looks like an apple.
I am looking forward to seeing you again.
I'll expect to hear from you by Tuesday.
At last he found out the truth.
It's hard for me to live on my small income.
We won't go out unless it stops raining.
Your dream will come true some day.
Come what may, the mail will get delivered.
Hold on a moment, please.
The people he is living with in London are coming to see me.
The skies promise better weather in the morning.
Aren't you going to get Mr Tate?
Some managers murmured at his appointment as president.
Although teachers give a lot of advice, students don't always take it.
I had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen.
If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
The doctor made six house calls in the afternoon.
When you are driving, you should make way for ambulances.
Bob has been sick in bed for a week now.
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.
Mike visited Mr Ogaki, who is our principal.
I think I'll come back later.
The patient's condition changes from day to day.
Come to the party, will you?
Science is the way to prepare for the 21st century.
The yacht was at the mercy of the dreadful storm.
It can be done in a day.
It happened three years later, that is in 1965.
I had little time to prepare the speech.
The dress comes to my knees.
What a marvelous sight!
Do you have a pen?
We are a peace-loving nation.
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.
Every boy and every girl was delighted.
I'm not strong enough yet to go to school.
Hey, Tom, forget about your worries.
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
Buses are running at 20-minute intervals.
I would not part with it for the whole world.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
The rainy season will be over in another two weeks or so.
I want something with which to write.
The train left the station and had soon disappeared from view.
I couldn't think up such a brief explanation.
Would you mind waiting a few minutes?
Improving corporate performances are behind the stock market recovery.
Have a good supply of drinking water.
Tom is interested in mountaineering.
The instructor advised me to get exercise every day.
I know almost nothing about it.
I don't like learning irregular verbs.
A church spire could be seen in the distance.
You'd better not go there.
What made up your mind to quit smoking?
There's one just near the station.
The houses and cars looked tiny from the sky.
Having failed many times, he never gave up the plan.
What time do you usually go to bed?
I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
You will be up against many difficulties.
We should have taken the schedule into consideration.
It is really wonderful.
We have had a long spell of cold weather.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
I'd like to try on shoes other than those.
The students noted the professor's main points.
What will become of us if a war breaks out?
My hands are numb from the cold.
Students are impatient for the summer holidays to come.
It's a possible story.
It will not be long before business returns to normal.
It is hard to wake up without a strong cup of coffee.
He cannot be hungry; he has just had lunch.
Bob charged 3 dollars an hour for mowing lawns.
How can you tell an Englishman from an American?
The chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
I wish I had known how to do it.
He suddenly missed his watch.
Miss Red taught me Japanese.
Ichiro puts friendship above profit.
The students assisted the professor in the investigation.
Don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health.
Just as you treat me, so I will treat you.
I cannot stomach it.
The house with the damaged roof has been repaired.
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.
Do you think I was born yesterday?
Everyone thinks so.
There is no predicting what may happen.
Does depreciation of the yen give rise to inflation?
I had a bad cold, and to make matters worse, it began snowing.
Don't worry about making mistakes.
Elizabeth II is the Queen of England.
The milkman came around at six every morning.
I will help you as far as I can.
Is this the right way to Yokohama Station?
Lots of people took part in the marathon.
Action!
How can you justify your rude behavior?
The sky misted over.
Can you manage to complete the manuscript by Friday?
I feel like another beer.
The station is to the west of the hotel.
Please check your valuables at the front desk.
The roses sometimes grow wild.
Why do you want stamps?
Of course I remember the news quite well.
Few people know about the plan.
Every girl cannot be a ballerina.
The meeting ended at 4:00 P.M.
Paul is punctual like a clock.
Enjoy your trip.
Tom talked too much and let the secret slip.
I don't know either boy.
We took a rest one after the other.
Just the same!
Fatigue is the natural result of overwork.
All the compositions were good except yours.
Push the button, please.
Never did I dream that you would lose.
We should cultivate our minds by reading good books.
We felt the house shake a little.
On hearing the bell, she answered the telephone.
Just then, a bright idea occurred to me.
We never repent having eaten too little.
Please warm yourself at the fire.
I should sell it while it still runs.
I prefer apples to all the other fruits.
Though very busy, she came to see me off.
Mike said a few words by way of suggestion.
Easy on the mustard.
Ted likes playing the trumpet.
What's kept you?
You must admit that you are in the wrong.
Come on Monday afternoon, if possible.
It won't hurt you to skip one meal.
In spite of the rain, I went out.
We arrived at an agreement after two hours' discussion.
I like hot springs off the beaten track.
Does Mike call his dog Pochi?
There being no taxis available, we walked home.
We lost sight of her in the crowd.
Like is hardly the word.
Is there a toilet near here?
What little guidance I had I owe to a young man.
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.
Suddenly, the rain fell.
Every dog is entitled to one bite.
The following is a summary of the President's speech.
Is anyone else bidding?
Don't conceal what you feel about it.
Line up the desks in the classroom.
How long do you plan to stay?
I bought two bottles of milk.
The boy scouts went from door to door selling what they had made.
I was trying to kill time.
The tarantula seized its victim very quickly.
Buses run between the station and the airport.
What are you going to see?
I will give you a call as soon as I know for sure.
Tennis is hard. The ball flies off in all directions when I hit it.
I had no idea what to do.
John testified concerning him.
Most Japanese take a bath every day.
They have taken the form of sculptures.
A party is a good place to make friends with other people.
Michael had a hard time making ends meet.
How much is it?
Don't you have another one that's a little larger?
I wrote to him for quite another reason.
Don't cut in with your remarks.
Please conserve water in summer.
Diplomatic dialogue helped put an end to the conflict.
It was only recently that she changed her mind.
Give it to anyone you like.
The time will come when you'll regret it.
With a little more wisdom, he would not have got in trouble.
Turn off the light, please.
I'm just about to check in.
Dan is often scolded by his mother.
Never have I heard so terrible a story.
You gave me a real surprise when you showed up there.
There are a handful of naughty boys in my neighborhood.
Our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company.
Don't make such a noise!
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
Have the tourists all gone on board?
It seems that he was late for the meeting yesterday.
Nancy is getting off the train.
Did you cut the paper?
When is your birthday?
I pumped up the tire.
Shine your shoes before going out.
Catherine stayed indoors because it was raining.
The Thames is a river that flows through London.
A fish swims by moving its tail.
I'm a little angry with you.
We were filled with joyful expectation.
You're so impatient with me.
Let's work together to do our best.
The doctor will be back before long.
How kind of you!
I hope you are all well.
He spent the evening reading a book.
It is best to review the material before the presentation.
Our team is winning.
Why he got angry is quite clear.
But for air, nothing could live.
What does Tony do?
The rain discouraged us from going out.
Not a star was to be seen in the sky.
May I speak to Bill?
It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
I was caught in a shower on my way to the station.
If you break the clock again, you'll catch it from Mommy.
It casts mysterious shadows on the wall.
The truck bumped into a car.
Turn the radio up a little.
We elected him as our Representative.
I didn't know you were that kind of a person.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.
I awoke with a start because of the fire.
We should have told him the truth.
The radio is disturbed by noises.
How did you see that?
It is dangerous for you to swim in this river.
Mary can't even read French, much less speak it.
The pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed.
You are bound to fail unless you study harder.
Having finished it, he went to bed.
The early bird catches the worm.
So what are you implying?
Ben was at a loss for what to say next.
I don't like to go out after dark.
Excessive smoking will injure your health.
The audience applauded for a full five minutes.
Mum, why doesn't Dad clean his own study?
I've been on edge recently.
Is it all right to use a flash here?
I want to see you for a moment.
What happened? The car's slowing down.
Read it again and again.
Make the most of your vacation.
Shake off the towels.
I lost my passport. I'll have to get a new one.
It's a good job, as far as the pay goes.
Please give me your answer by return.
Beer bottles are made of glass.
It is about time I was going.
There appears to have been an accident.
We have lost sight of him.
A pencil is sticking out of your pocket.
Which do you like better, summer or winter?
The manager suggested that I go with him to the airport.
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.
That's to me like a flower on lofty heights.
Your bicycle is similar to mine.
The rain kept us from going out.
It was used only from time to time.
Even the greatest scholar can't solve that.
There are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it.
He is a good fellow, to be sure, but he isn't reliable.
You should have introduced yourself.
I'm through with Mary.
What was the result of Mary's test?
A week's reflection led to a new plan.
None of the teachers could solve the problem.
Bob can cook.
Will you give me a drink?
This will be one of the best memories of my life.
I look very different.
Mr Brown teaches at Harvard.
We toiled up a hill.
It's a hard, dirty job.
Why don't you give up smoking?
You should turn in your term papers by the end of April.
Put out your cigarette. Smoking's not permitted here.
I had to work hard to keep up with the other students.
Please drive carefully.
The public is entitled to information about how public money is spent.
Where did Ming go to do her homework?
The truck bumped into our car.
Which dictionary did you refer to?
We've come this far, so we can't stop now. I don't want to backslide.
There is a cup on the table.
Could you change my room to one with a view of the ocean?
Either way, it's not important.
You had better take an umbrella with you.
That's absolute nonsense.
I was expecting it!
At best we can only hope for a small profit.
Above all, don't tell a lie.
We are to preserve nature.
What a fuss about nothing!
Diligence is the way to success.
You don't have to trouble yourselves.
Tension is a major cause of heart disease.
It is getting dark. Let's go home.
We are anxious about her health.
After a hard day's work, a man can do with a good, hot meal.
Enjoy your holidays.
Clara asked me why I worked so hard.
It happened that I met her at the station yesterday.
You should concentrate on one thing and learn to do it well.
We're going to the theater.
The news was all about the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Slapped in the face, I didn't fight back.
Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
Come inside because it's cold outside.
Let's do some exercise to work up an appetite.
What a surprise!
It is likely to rain tomorrow.
It's worthwhile carrying out the idea.
May I take your picture?
The house on the corner is ours.
Lots of famous people come here.
Please wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
A thief crept in through the window.
We discussed the problem far into the night.
Some people insist that television does more harm than good.
My name is Jack.
All my troubles came to nothing.
Listen carefully.
I will give it to you.
On the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
It was very expensive; in fact, I paid 100 dollars.
The rain was falling on my face.
In brief, you should have accepted the responsibility.
Mayuko has dropped the ball.
I don't like those who say so.
To our great surprise, she held her breath for three minutes.
Do you have anything in mind?
Dick plans to go by himself.
Aoi dances well.
It's not serious, I don't bear him a grudge.
The worm turns.
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?
It's as hot as toast.
Barking dogs don't always bite.
As a rule, man is inclined to be lazy.
All our efforts were in vain.
Please feel free to ask questions.
Who was looking for the record shop?
I'm not going to be pushed around by you or anyone else.
Young girls' desire for slim figures is strong.
How did such a strange thing come about?
Here's some medicine for diarrhea.
No one can force you to do anything against your will.
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.
Bob reached the finish line first.
An overwhelming majority voted to abolish the brutal punishment.
I don't wanna go back.
Ill news comes apace.
We number him among our closest friends.
And I will raise it again in three days.
We can see a lot of stars at night in summer.
I was caught in shower on my way home.
If you were in my place, what would you do?
Let's sing some merry songs.
It takes us thirty minutes to walk from here to the station.
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard.
I must finish my homework before dinner.
Give me a ride on your shoulders, Daddy.
Nancy has a very lively and sweet temperament.
Beware lest you should miss the train.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I'd like to go to the seaside with you.
We must observe the rules.
Tony and his mother got on a bus in the middle of the town.
What is it that "isn't only you"?
If I knew the truth, I would tell you.
If you are to realize your dream, you must work harder.
Don't you find it unpleasant walking in the rain?
How long does it take to get to the station?
Why don't we take a taxi?
Those are not your chairs.
The supply cannot keep up with the demand.
Why can Taro speak English so well?
Bob got impatient at his wife's delay.
Lucy likes playing tennis.
I went all the way to see her only to find her away from home.
Tom was so careless as to leave his camera in the bus.
How about a smoke?
I have a respect for those who went before me.
Don't take chances.
Science begins when you ask why and how.
You should never look down on a person merely because he is poor.
Why don't you join in the conversation?
It is still immoral.
It's foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer.
Yes, of course.
Whichever bus you may take, you can get to the station.
Do you think fish can hear?
What kind of wine do you recommend?
I'm planning to disguise myself as a doctor.
I work for a shipping company.
Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
No, I cannot let you in, there's one person too many.
I was late for the bus, late for work, and got a run in my stocking.
Have fun.
The rain kept the baseball team idle yesterday.
I gave up all hope of survival.
We were all rather exhausted.
We're out of stock now.
What is on the desk?
The grapes are getting mature.
Heads I win, tails you lose.
Could you please help me?
You had better not go after dark.
Not knowing what to say, she just smiled.
Any amount of information will do.
The French are said to love art.
There's nothing left to do aside from packing.
Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
What time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport?
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.
Ted is the second pitcher on the baseball team.
Let's play chess another time.
The doctor devoted a great deal of effort and the patient recovered.
Would you like another apple?
Mary takes Bill's kindness for granted.
You haven't any money.
Pass me the butter, please.
One of the committees is composed of eight members.
The geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours.
There were almost no railroads out west.
Masako finished high school in Japan and then graduated from Harvard.
The Lions had an easy win over the Hawks.
We gathered all the books together and put them in the spare room.
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms on our campus come out.
It is paramount to all the others.
I would hate to become just a housewife.
As soon as we find out anything, we will contact him.
Will we be in time for the beginning of the party?
What a big pumpkin!
I'd like to express my gratitude.
I am ashamed of your conduct.
We looked for it here and there.
It's entirely up to you which one you choose.
Take a rest, or you will be worn out.
Where should I wait for the shuttle bus?
It happened that the train was delayed on account of snow.
Who started Disneyland?
I'll give you a piece of good advice.
Most Japanese live on rice.
Everyone is responsible for his own actions.
Trust me, he said.
They chartered a bus for the firm's outing.
We must work as long as we live.
I had to pay the bill to the tune of ten dollars.
Which is the platform for the London train?
The diamond shone brightly.
The music made the show.
No matter where you may go, you may find the same thing.
Will you go look for lost balls?
The balloon descended slowly.
It accounts for the fact.
Tom often fails to keep his word.
Bill stopped smoking.
I lost my shoe in the fire.
I simply cannot get rid of this bad cold of mine.
Though I admit what you say, I still think you are wrong.
Everybody knows for sure that it was he who did it.
Who is the boy acting the part of Peter Pan?
I was determined to fulfill my duties at any cost.
The whiteness of the lily is a symbol of purity.
It is to his advantage.
Here comes the train.
If it were Sunday today, we would go fishing.
Yes, you must.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
See below.
Help yourself, please.
The yen is expected to lose value against the dollar.
It would be so cool if I could speak ten languages!
It is easy to get the cranky man's goat by teasing him.
The door was locked from within.
Because it is an interesting and beautiful city?
I do not need a loan anymore.
He heard someone calling for help.
I am terribly busy because the report deadline is near.
No doubt she loves him, but she won't marry him.
You are too clever not to solve the hard problem.
Can you tell me where the nearest church is?
I was left out in the cold by everyone.
Is there a flower shop in the hotel?
I paid for the video in five installments.
Margaret has a talent for music.
Never in my life have I heard or seen such a thing.
Everyone remembers the happy days of his youth as his halcyon days.
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
You are too sensitive to criticism.
Nothing is as hard as a diamond.
I just meant it as a joke.
It will take five to ten years for the technology to be ready.
She got sick this weekend.
Where should I put my baggage?
When does school break up?
There is a book on dancing on the desk.
I didn't want his help, but I had to accept it.
We were contracted to build a railway.
How fast Tom works!
Lightning is an electrical phenomenon.
There's nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
Can't we use a simile here?
It was a moving sight.
You ought to know better than to go to such a dangerous place.
Ted doesn't have the competence to teach English.
Who is absent?
The Foreign Minister said that war was inevitable.
Tony heard her voice and stopped playing the piano.
Mary was about to burst out laughing.
Pretty good. Did you go to today's history seminar?
You had better do as the doctor advised you.
There are few men who don't know that.
When you take shelter, make sure you go under a big tree.
Acid rain in drinking water affects human health.
I'll certainly go and see him.
Richard Nixon dropped from public attention.
Leave that job to the experts!
Would you mind lending me your car?
We are liable for the damage.
What I mean is this.
Mr Brown is looking for his own glasses.
The committee approved the draft budget.
No way!
The neighbors made a fool of him.
Don't attempt two things at once.
Will you please lend me a stapler?
What time will be right for you?
He took away what little money I had.
The air by the sea is pure and healthy.
Where can I buy tickets?
How fast Tom speaks!
Where is the information counter?
There's only a little milk left.
Dickens was the author of 'Oliver Twist'.
Do you have any cheaper seats?
The more we learn, the more we realize how little we know.
Mayuko called me back.
Just once, I'd like to get a hole-in-one some day.
The bridge will be completed by the end of this year.
Mary set the basket on the table.
If I had worked hard in my youth, I would be successful now.
All except one agreed to his plan.
If anyone comes to see me, tell him that I am out.
Lightning lit up the room every now and then.
I had a very hard time writing the paper.
All you have to do is wait.
English is difficult to learn.
Would you teach me how to make cheese?
Finding an apartment can be difficult.
Put out the light so that you can get a good sleep.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
I was absent from the party.
You speak first; I will speak after.
Many weeds were growing among the flowers.
It will not be long before we meet again.
You'll find it your advantage to know a foreign language.
The crops failed last year.
We broke up and went our own ways.
Do you have any pencils?
Bill dealt Tom a sudden blow.
We may as well wait.
I would do anything but that.
We objected, but she went out anyway.
Lincoln set out to abolish slavery in the United States.
Can it be phrased in another way?
For example, he speaks German, French and English.
Takeo is quite a good fellow in his way.
The hotel was burned to the ground.
We live in a society of democracy.
There is a house on the hill.
Open the hood.
What kind of part-time job do you have?
We associate the name of Darwin with The Origin of Species.
The festival will be held in the garden, unless it rains.
I am invited to the end of the universe.
Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
She grinned her approval.
I think she made up that story.
Correct me if I am wrong.
What made you come here?
I take the liberty of going home.
You don't get up as early as your sister.
When did you begin studying English?
We are very interested in the history.
I'll give you this money.
Where is nearest American Express office?
No idea of danger crossed my mind then.
We gladly accept your offer.
Bad weather prevented me from setting out.
Why is Mrs. Yamada popular in your school?
Why are you crying?
Even the hard-hearted can be moved to tears.
Would you wipe the table for me?
We started all at once.
The client talked with the lawyer.
Sweet dreams, Timmy.
I captured butterflies with a net.
The time will come when your dream will come true.
How much of a discount can you give?
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
Could you hold these valuables?
I feel a chill seeing the blizzard outside.
He who wears armor falls with a big crash!
I was ill at ease because I didn't speak French.
We went up and down by elevator.
What's your impression, doctor?
The cat on the table is sleeping.
A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
Is it bad?
How many people?
The king imposed heavy taxes on the people.
Ruriko is a high school student.
I feel my age.
If I knew her address, I would write to her.
The marigold rises with the sun.
There she comes.
Dick passed the photo to me.
Seen from space, the earth is very beautiful.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Thousands of people were milling around in the square.
You may choose whichever you like.
The neighboring countries never submitted to his terrorism.
It is difficult for foreigners to master Japanese.
It is possible that he may know the fact.
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember.
I'd like to return to Tokyo via Honolulu.
A bus got in the way.
The notorious rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
Could you tie it with a ribbon?
A lot of problems derive from a lack of reading in the home.
Once you have made a promise, you should keep it.
You must be crazy to ride a bicycle that has no brakes!
The history of Rome is very interesting.
I am a lucky budgie, aren't I?
David worked his way through college.
Mike can't play baseball well.
Yesterday we had fun.
Not feeling well, I stayed home all day.
Don't run risks.
Let's take a coffee break, shall we?
Don't say such a thing.
Our store hours are from 10 to 7.
Who took care of the dog while you were away?
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
There is a post office in front of the station.
You should study harder.
I have a favor to ask of you.
We'd like a deposit for one night.
The headlight doesn't work.
I enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold.
Turning to the right, you will find the city hall in front of you.
That's a nice car you're driving.
In doing anything, you must do your best.
Doctors have a difficult problem.
What are you fond of?
We learn to read and write.
The cat has just passed by beside me.
It's warm enough to swim.
The girl in a blue coat is my daughter.
I feel like drinking a beer.
You must get rid of that bad habit.
Could you say that in plain English?
If you have any complaints, let me know, and I'll look into them.
You can always count on him in any emergency.
When you can't do what you want, you do what you can.
Could you take me to the cinema?
If I were to tell you the whole truth, you would be amazed.
Betty killed him.
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
Get them out of here!
You must not smoke.
We have used our ration of coal for the week.
I am eating an apple.
Finally, Oedipus replied.
Let's get out of here.
After drinking all night, Bob was dead to the world.
The rain was preceded by wind.
Education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts.
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.
Are you feeling under the weather?
There was a large audience at the piano recital last night.
I don't think any more students want to come.
I'm afraid I have water in my knee joint.
A man appeared at the site.
However tired I may be, I must work.
What time do you go to bed?
Let's synchronize our watches.
It's already out of fashion.
The train is ready to start.
Well do I remember the day.
Please tell me where to take bus No. 7.
You can read ten books in a week? Don't you mean in a month?
Why didn't you note down the points?
You don't have to come tomorrow.
So, I don't know what to do next spring.
Karate is an art of unarmed defense.
Milk easily turns sour.
Smoking affects our health.
I'd like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights.
The rainy weather prevented her from working in the garden.
If it were not for air, we could not live.
Taking notes at each meeting is one of the official duties.
Supporting his family was a great burden for him.
Even if you are busy, you should keep your promise.
We opposed his plan to build a new road.
We are looking forward to seeing you soon.
Linda will try to have her own way in everything.
Did you hear that Fred has been shown the door?
Here it is.
But it's almost half past eleven.
From our point of view, his proposal is reasonable.
Throw a sprat to catch a whale.
Either day would be all right with me.
See you again tomorrow.
Can I have a single to Birmingham?
Some apples fell down from the tree.
The color ran when the dress was washed.
I tend to look at the pictures before reading the text.
We're meeting up tomorrow?
It began to rain, so he need not have watered the lawn.
Can you do bookkeeping?
I dislike being alone.
Cats usually hate dogs.
Tom is fitted to become a businessman.
His doctor ordered him to rest.
No one is too old to learn.
Mr White is a man of reason.
Turn the radio down a little.
That's the last thing that I expected you to do.
I would like to order drinks now.
The lion struggled to get out of his cage.
We were crushed into the crowded train.
The bus ran on the long and winding road.
Don't bite on the right side.
Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute.
We gave the enemy a drubbing.
Why am I working hard?
I just do not like any kind of sports.
You didn't need to hurry.
Our advice is that the company invest in new equipment.
How much is the most expensive car?
If the sun were to stop shining, all living things would die.
How dare you speak like that to me?
You don't exert yourself much.
Chance is a nickname for Providence.
Not quite what I want.
Be more careful, or you will make mistakes.
She's rolling in money.
I like her all the better for that.
His proposal is out of the question.
Don't put your elbows on the table.
The smallest child knows such a simple thing.
The candles made the room bright.
We went as far as Kyoto.
I'm glad to hear of your success.
How much money did you spend in total?
Charlie was a mere child when I saw him last.
I shall see him in less than a week.
She agreed with him about the holiday plan.
Please pick me up at the airport at five.
Hello, this is Mike.
I found no money left in my pocket.
Tom ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.
I can't get rid of my pimples.
May I have a napkin, please?
We have to cope with hosts of difficulties.
Submit your term papers to Professor White.
Rumor says that she is a pickpocket.
How come you are here?
First of all, let me say how glad I am to be here.
Just take my word for it.
A canal flowed between two rows of houses.
The balance at the bank stands at two million yen.
At last, she solved the problem.
I have just written a letter to him.
On the whole, the result was unsatisfactory.
There used to be a temple right here.
You have to eat nutritious foods.
We are constrained to and restrained from an action.
How can I succeed in getting a date with Nancy?
Hold still a moment while I fix your tie.
The squirrel was busy gathering nuts.
Whenever you visit him, you will find him playing video games.
I shut the door behind me.
We have to make a close analysis of the accident.
Bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison.
Be patient please. It takes time.
The rumor turned out true.
I can't stand that noise any longer.
It was a manifest error of judgement.
Some college teachers come to class late and leave early.
There were few children in the classroom.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
Blue Sky Sport is closed every Thursday.
I wish I could break the habit of smoking.
While we hate force, we recognize the need for law and order.
Louder.
There is a man at the door.
But my mind tells my fingers what to do.
It is a task beyond my power.
I like English best.
Give up such ideas.
Hurry up, or you'll be late for school.
Montgomery was where it all began.
Is your watch correct?
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it.
Give me liberty or give me death.
He came out shooting, same as you said he would.
I walked about aimlessly on the street.
Except for Bill, they were all in time.
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
I'll boil you the beans.
You have no good reason for thinking as you do.
The bridge is designed to open in the middle.
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
It won't be long before your dream comes true.
A submarine cable was laid between the two countries.
What prevented you from coming yesterday?
Mike walked up to the boy.
Mr White is about my age.
Who is this, please?
Be careful handling matches!
Math is like love: a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
Miss White is liked by everyone.
Mr Baker is not so much a scholar as a writer.
Stop clinging to your glory days, or you'll be left behind.
Let's take a break for coffee.
A chain of events led to the outbreak of the war.
It is a lot of fun to listen to music.
In the distance, there stood a dimly white lighthouse.
Last summer, I always took a walk in the morning.
School begins at eight-thirty.
I don't like you any more than you like me.
I hope I can be of some help to you.
Those present were surprised at the news.
I hope you're having fun.
Our project collapsed.
Not everyone can be a poet.
Many little red birds always sing merrily in the trees.
Dennis lay flat on the floor.
When the bell rang, the audience took their seats.
It only adds fuel to the fire.
Almost no one believed him.
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.
Even at nighttime, it was not quiet and peaceful any more.
He might change his mind.
The number of Japanese who live on bread has increased.
It's just across the street from the church.
An old friend of mine dropped in on me for the first time in ages.
Whoever telephones, tell him I'm out.
Generally speaking girls are better linguists than boys.
Traveling abroad is very interesting.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to shoot the breeze.
A sudden illness forced her to cancel her appointment.
Don't give up hope.
We often eat fish raw.
You will be more vigorous if you exercise.
I wandered around for a while.
Some of them are really fine.
Hunger is one of the strongest griefs.
You go to the Chikushi river.
There's no use making such a thing.
Too many irons in the fire result in bad workmanship.
The evening in Hawaii is very beautiful.
Why don't you have Dad clean up his study?
The pretty girl in the bikini was an eye-opener on the beach.
Please get whatever you like.
Bill signed up for the exam.
I'd rather stay home than go alone.
It will not be long before the new term begins.
The pirates sailed the seven seas.
There used to be a store right here.
In summer, we enjoy outdoor sports.
May I present this to you in token of my appreciation?
Can you set up the bike?
We can communicate with each other in many ways.
Any student can answer that question.
I'll soon finish reading this novel.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
Bill has come by a great deal of money.
We got involved in a traffic accident.
All are happy.
Interest on loans is high at present.
Better be half hanged than ill wed.
It is easy for me to play tennis.
I haven't decided yet whether I will attend the party.
The sightseeing bus ran through a long tunnel.
This is a better way of paying people, according to Paula Grayson.
The train will arrive on time without fail.
Typewriters are giving way to word-processors.
What time is it, anyway?
What is it that you want?
There is an old story about a Persian cat.
You had better avail yourself of this opportunity.
The prince was changed into a tree by magic.
For one thing, I am poor; for another, I am busy.
Helen visits her uncle every Sunday.
How do you spell "pretty"?
I'm thirsty.
All her years of work and effort have gone up in flames.
A table has four legs.
You do your part and I'll do the rest.
The doctor advised me to stop smoking.
The rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic.
The bananas you brought to me last night were all bad.
What is the percentage of overseas markets for your products?
You may have read this book already.
The result of the tuberculin test was positive.
A nurse wears white.
I am happy about your good luck.
It needs exercise.
Our sales performance is just skyrocketing.
A man drew near.
The milk boiled over.
It is an insult to her.
Tom is not serious about his studies.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
Something is wrong with this word processor.
We must know about it.
Stop smoking.
The plane rose sharply before leveling off as it left the coast.
Hundreds of people work in this factory.
Birds were singing in the sky.
Would you be good enough to do it for me?
I was almost afraid to talk to you.
I'm sorry?
The rain spoiled our picnic.
Whose go is it?
Bob and Mary play the recorder.
I do hope you will get well soon.
Give me something to drink.
That will save me a lot of trouble.
Sign at the bottom, please.
At any rate, you had better go there.
Fossil fuels won't be available forever.
In Kyoto, you can see both old and modern buildings.
I have yet to find a perfect husband.
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.
He may well be right.
Nobody can foresee what'll happen.
I should say he is a little angry.
If you don't listen to us, we will have to resort to coercion.
You can't expect much of him.
Will Mr Oka teach English?
You may invite whomever you like.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
Tom and Bill arrived at the conclusion independently of each other.
I will see to it that you meet her at the party.
Did you visit the Tower of London?
Unusually low temperatures account for the poor rice crop this year.
It is nice of you to come and see me.
Had he known the facts, the accident might have been avoided.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
A banking scandal is sweeping across Capitol Hill.
We ordered some new books from England.
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.
We tried to eliminate all danger beforehand.
Among other things, he has an eye for good pictures.
The students revolted against authority.
Do you have any other guidebooks about Thailand?
Laura may have been sick.
At last, we arrived at the village.
It was none other than the king.
This was a bad week. My train was late two days in a row.
What on earth are you doing in my room?
Why are you so late?
Now let me entertain you with music.
He had not been abroad for one month before he was taken ill.
Study on and on!
Well, I think it's time the real story was told.
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
I've been to Hokkaido before.
I said hello to Debby but she totally ignored me.
The engineer demonstrated how to operate the sophisticated system.
What is he mad at, I wonder?
These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
I hope it won't be long before I can see you again.
It's more difficult than you think.
We cannot help respecting his courage.
Miss Ito made her students work hard.
The heavy rain compelled us to put off our departure.
A good idea came across my mind.
Who are you to tell me to get out?
Take the shortest route to Paris.
The fans sought to shake the actress's hand.
We must try to break the deadlock.
Stop shooting the breeze and get to work!
Air is a mixture of various gases.
Ping-Pong is also called table tennis.
You finally succeeded in getting a job.
Can you hold on a little longer?
The meeting went on in this manner.
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.
Tom frowned.
I never hear anything.
Chrysanthemums smell sweet.
Even though he is learned, I can't respect him.
The volcano has become active again.
Stop staring at me like that.
We are all suspicious about him.
To begin with, the funds are not sufficient for running a grocery.
Her name often escapes me.
I'm managing scraping along on a small salary.
This baby penguin is too cute!
You have made many mistakes.
And on top of it all, I was fired.
How deep?
What you are saying is nothing but building a castle in the air.
It will be finished in a day or two.
I'll bet Madonna doesn't return to her career for awhile.
Because he was a great musician.
Your camera is not as excellent as my camera.
Kyoto is visited by many people every year.
I blush for your mistake.
I can see the tiniest spot.
Stop making a fool of yourself. Everyone is laughing at you.
There is a book on the table.
Can I turn on the TV?
You'd better go home now.
He is the black sheep of the family.
Now that we are all here, we can start the farewell party.
Anything that can be misunderstood will be.
We've become a mockery to the whole village.
Tim settled down after he got married.
Can you give me a discount?
You will catch cold.
Professor Hudson is my father's friend.
Hanako grew taller than her mother.
Can you get at the meaning of this passage?
I'll keep your problems in mind.
Why do you want to leave today?
We were surprised at his conduct.
You ought to have seen it.
Playing cards is a popular pastime.
I escaped death.
The doctor gave him some drugs to relieve the pain.
You've got to get a steady job.
Betty is a dancing teacher.
Business is business.
It is rude of you to say so.
You really have an ear for music.
Check all the loose knots and fasten them tight.
Such things are beyond my powers.
Speaking English is difficult.
I have to go even if it rains cats and dogs.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
You can rely on him. He never lets you down.
No matter what he plays on the screen, Tom looks great.
Have a cup of milk. It will do you good.
What are you going to do?
There are countless heavenly bodies in space.
That's about it.
The ballboys and ballgirls all come from local schools.
Eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease.
Mr Brown is in charge of our class.
Stop beating around the bush.
A mosquito just bit me.
I got a driver's license at last.
I was late because of the rain.
The meeting is to be held next Thursday.
Salt is necessary for cooking.
Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.
Do you have any ideas about it?
But the possibility seems unlikely.
You don't have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing.
We'll visit you one of these days.
He looked refreshed after a good night's sleep.
Hard work enabled him to succeed.
Damon showed me his stamp album.
Please take care of yourself.
The essence of mathematics is liberty.
Hey, look, a three-headed monkey!
It's expensive though.
The house burned down completely.
See to it that the door is locked before you leave.
There are no oranges on the table.
Get me a glass of milk.
The sky had become threatening before I got to the station.
How did you come to hear of it?
He would not say so if he didn't know about that.
Have a nice flight.
Nobody understands me.
The company's profits soared.
I think it's worth a try.
He's not coming, according to Mary.
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
It is nothing but a joke.
He plays the piano very well.
I feel indebted to you for your help during my illness.
Are you implying something?
Tom isn't watching TV now.
In came Mary.
You may go cycling if it doesn't rain.
Write your name, first of all.
Arriving at the station, I found the train had already left.
I asked for a seat in the non-smoking section.
That was the most interesting film that we had ever seen.
I must put some air in the tire.
I need your passport and three pictures.
We are the first to arrive.
In most of the countries in Europe, cars have to keep to the right.
Everyone is an entrepreneur.
There used to be a hut about here.
We traveled around the country by car.
No matter how cold it was, he never wore an overcoat.
When did you get to London?
Can you deliver it to my house?
I can't judge distance.
Let's make believe that we're pirates.
No wonder you could not open the door.
It's a worrying matter.
She is not pretty, to be sure, but she is very clever.
The fire burned brightly, giving forth a comforting warmth.
Most boys take after their fathers.
Anyway, I'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject.
Each of us has to be careful when driving.
Her face was animated by joy.
It is not characteristic of you to say such a thing to her.
I don't agree with him.
The band played several marches.
You'll get well soon.
The party stayed in Kyoto for a short period.
I couldn't think of anything better than that.
I want to see a doctor about my stomach-ache.
The rock concert was called off because the singer fell ill.
If you read this book again, you will have read it three times.
Miniskirts will soon come back.
Enough TV, already!
The party did not succeed in climbing the mountain.
If it were not for the sun, we could not live at all.
In regards to music, he is one of the most famous critics.
The rangers decided to go to the sailor's rescue.
You must work hard if you are to succeed.
I had a slight accident while trekking in Nepal.
I've just been to the bank.
Most whales feed on plankton.
It's a rainy day, so we can't play outside.
I esteem it an honor to address this audience.
I think the film is a very heartwarming one.
Let's play tennis. I've booked a court for 10:30.
Mick named the baby Richard.
Put in a little more sugar.
I am a bachelor.
If my brother were here, he would know what to do.
Education should be carried further than it is now.
Where are you going to spend the vacation?
I almost forgot it.
Correct the errors if there are any.
Do you feel sick?
The audience filled the hall.
Who said that? It's totally wrong!
Few people visit me these days.
I have three more pages to go.
It happened that I saw my friend walking in the distance.
I like playing tennis.
I'm exhausted.
It happened that I was in her room.
Tim's motorbike is far more expensive than mine is.
I'll never be able to play again.
If it rains, the game will be put off.
Lay it on the table.
Hello. This is Joe Carlton. May I speak to Michael?
School will soon be over for summer vacation.
Garlic enhances the flavor of meals.
Come what may, I shall never change my mind.
The owl is slow on foot.
The dancers timed their steps to the music of the band.
Should anything arise, she will be prepared for it.
Competition for the position is very intense.
Mike smiled.
I'm a zero.
I couldn't bear to see such a scene.
Everything went better than I had expected.
The day of the picnic has arrived.
Don't worry about that.
We were talking to each other all the time.
It was such a nice day that the street was full of people.
I get most things at the stores.
An injury put the shortstop out of action.
We went together to Laramie, and there we parted.
Wash your face before you go to school.
I would like to repay your kindness in the near future.
How often have you been to Europe?
We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.
Don't be in such a hurry.
In case of emergency, call the police.
There! That wasn't long, was it?
I don't remember where I bought it.
I'd like to pay in cash.
Ever louder voices of protest drowned out his speech.
There's no hurry.
Mr Parker tried eating with chopsticks.
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.
We must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
The very idea of being sent abroad delighted them.
The noise was deadened by the insulation.
Swallows are flying in the sky.
You will wish you had never seen it.
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.
The rest of us all had the smoked salmon.
Well, I'll be damned!
If he came tomorrow, I would have more time to talk.
Please call me as soon as possible when you arrive in London.
Please deposit the money in a bank.
Hard work has brought him success.
What you said surprised me.
Mary was scornful of Tom.
Why do you study English every day?
We work by day, and rest by night.
By and by, the bitter north wind began to blow.
I can't live without a TV.
When I saw it, it took my breath away.
Get out of the classroom.
Don't buy things on credit.
Sooner or later, you will regret your idleness.
I find swimming fun.
Smoking is bad for the health.
I am wondering if I could be of any service to you.
If I were a boy, I could join a baseball team.
No less than 100 people attended the meeting.
Allow me to introduce you to Mr White.
Even if it rains, the game will be played.
May I leave my belongings on the bus?
The doctor instructed me to go on a diet.
It may be true.
Nothing would persuade him.
The roses are now in full bloom.
The chances are that you can pass the test.
Take off your shoes.
She accepted our offer notwithstanding.
The bus stop is near our school.
Pardon me?
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
You are always finding fault with me.
Not knowing what to see, I asked him for advice.
His plane leaves for Hong Kong at 2:00 p.m.
Blake loved to walk in the country round London.
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.
Please don't make so much noise.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
The child was hiding behind a big tree.
I will teach you to play chess.
How about dining out for a change?
His meeting began at five in the afternoon.
Tom is engaged to Ruth.
We love the man all the better for his faults.
I had him come while I was still in bed.
When will they have that picture ready that I wanted to get blown up?
I usually get up late.
We value punctuality.
Come on!
We can make a day of it.
Will you listen to a piece of music?
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would not break my word.
If I don't do it now, I never will.
Your idea differs entirely from mine.
Every means has failed.
Our team is five points ahead.
Say what you will, he won't accept your invitation.
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.
She has a little money put aside.
Has Mary started yet?
Which team will win?
Mr Newman often comes to Japan.
Let's start the ball rolling by introducing ourselves.
It happened that the day was my birthday.
I cannot bear it any longer.
I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.
There are days where I feel like my brain wants to abandon me.
We want further information.
And so each citizen plays an indispensable role.
If it wasn't for the doctor's treatment, that patient would be dead.
The bill must be paid today.
I'll stay here till you get back.
The door opened and there she was, standing in the doorway.
Patty is a smart student.
Michelangelo protested that he was not a painter.
Do you mind my smoking?
The Hindus worship in temples.
We got the meeting over with quickly.
I'm sick. Will you send for a doctor?
We must make do with what we have got.
My bag was stolen.
Tony saw green fields and small, quiet villages.
You have to pull that door to open it.
The bus was late because of the traffic jam.
Let me go alone.
You must get the job done before the deadline.
Gold is more precious than iron.
It was a delightful bit of nonsense.
Tom acted the part of a sailor.
It is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved.
She forgot her umbrella, as is often the case with her.
It's not a thing one can well boast of.
The boat was frozen in.
How about some more roast beef?
I'm learning how to type.
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
At last, my wish has come true.
He felt that something was about to happen.
Tom is interested in mathematics.
Bob will be home at six.
We've got to catch the lion alive.
He remained poor despite being a hard worker.
What is a UFO?
It will be fine weather tomorrow, perhaps.
We are attracted by what you are.
It happened that we were in London.
English is difficult, isn't it?
You'll have to answer for your behavior.
I had to stay in bed all day.
You can probably guess what happens though.
Whether you like it or not, you have to go.
We are under his command.
You may as well keep it a secret.
Tom threw his game.
If you are to win, you should do your best.
Do you take in students?
In our culture, we can't be married to two women at once.
The rose is called the queen of flowers.
That means sure death!
You ought not to have said a thing like that to him.
It was so dark.
The great statesman and general is still living.
It's already cleared up.
Few people attended the meeting.
We can dispose of the car.
His pride didn't allow him to ask for help.
Won't you have another cup of coffee?
It was such a nice day that we decided to have a picnic.
Nancy is a capable nurse.
Let's sing some English songs together.
I have no time to put my books in order before I go.
I will be seeing her again one of these days.
There is a book on the desk.
There goes our bus. Now we'll have to walk.
There are no pens on the desk.
May I add a point?
Happy Thanksgiving Day.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
After the lightning, came the thunder.
Bill never argues with other people.
What was it I left behind?
An earthquake of magnitude 5 shook Tokyo.
It is merely a matter of form.
The sea is far from calm.
The rain prevented me from coming.
We shot pheasants by the hundred.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
It almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day.
Life has its sorrows, as every rose has its thorns.
At any rate, if you learn English, study it thoroughly.
Students have been protesting against the government's decision.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are in the wrong.
I have nothing better to do.
I know you are rich.
I'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation.
German is not an easy language.
Have you turned in your report?
There goes a wonderful coach over there.
You may as well follow your father's advice.
Amazingly, the old man recovered his health.
Will you join me for a drink?
I can't help crying.
Sail along the coast.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
Pasta is Fernando's province.
You must buy a ticket to get on the bus.
What did you open it with?
The number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years.
No harm will come to you.
Do you have a cheaper room?
I couldn't go out on account of the bad weather.
This is never going to end.
Well, it'll do for the time being.
Granting that it is so, what follows?
A lot of insects vanished overnight.
The king abused his power.
Tom is no more hardworking than Bill is.
When the time is ripe, be bold and go for it! I'll stand by you.
Send this parcel to him in care of his company.
My bicycle was gone when I returned.
A sudden illness prevented him from going there.
It is not rare at all to live over ninety years.
I'm afraid to fall.
There are always some chores to be done about the house.
That will do us a fat lot of good.
Ichiro hit an eye-popping double.
Don't play around too much after school.
The decision was still in the air.
There were still no visual signs of spring.
Now that you have finished your job, you are free to go home.
I would not have said such nonsense.
I can't understand what you're trying to get at.
She always takes her time in choosing her dress.
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
There are 1000 movies that one must watch before dying.
The music of Mozart is always pleasing to me.
I have been to the station.
Be quiet Mie, said Mother.
If it were not raining, I would go fishing.
You can have it for nothing.
Do you have an English dictionary?
Bob seldom talks with Maria without making her angry.
How wonderful this is!
Tom is behind everybody in mathematics.
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house.
Tom boasts of never having been defeated in a horse race.
Can I have some more milk?
What an absurd idea!
Nevertheless, many are choosing early retirement.
You must compensate him for the money he lost.
Do you subscribe to any magazines?
You are to apologize to her for it.
What I like best is going on Ferris wheels.
Go straight ahead until you reach the church.
I feel ashamed of having lost my temper.
It's his greatest fault to be too generous.
You had better keep him at a respectful distance.
Mary isn't really sick; she's only putting it on.
Don't let go of the rope.
All the members of the committee consented to my proposal.
You can't have understood what he said.
We sought to come to terms with them.
That's 3000 yen altogether.
Mayuko looks cross.
Cares and worries were pervasive in her mind.
The instant I open the lid an offensive smell greets my nose.
Cheese cuts easily with a knife.
What made her do so?
Your shoes want mending.
On my arrival at the station, I will call you.
I'll give you a call before I visit you.
One is red and the other is white.
Why didn't you come?
Never tell a lie!
Your English is perfect.
The basements of the houses are likely to have problems.
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.
You'll come to like her.
The movie is popular among the youngsters.
How did you enjoy your vacation?
I don't know which is which.
Would you please replace the broken one promptly?
We've been living here since July.
His seat in the plane was on the aisle.
Have you ever had a narrow escape?
A pall of darkness cloaked the valley.
Butter and cheese are made from milk.
I have my passport.
When I got home, I found your letter waiting for me.
The bills are all done by computers.
The holidays are costing me a lot.
Television has almost taken the place of the movie theater.
What a beautiful bird it is!
I liked your idea and adopted it.
It is a book.
I'm not pressed for money.
The committee divided into five sections.
The bill amounts to fifty dollars.
Be it ever so humble, home is home.
Yesterday night, I shared a cab with Paris Hilton.
I don't necessarily trust translations.
Masao won't come here, will he?
No matter how much I eat, I never get fat.
You'd better consult your doctor.
I will finish this work somehow.
Could you solve the problem?
You will soon come to like this town.
You can't fix it. You should buy a new one.
The very idea of it is disgusting.
I have a very vague idea of what you are talking about.
We often fail to realize the extent to which we depend on others.
Did you eat anything bad?
How in the world did you do it?
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
Let's play volleyball.
I saw the moon above the roof.
You are to start as early as possible.
It was a very pleasant afternoon.
Give me something to eat.
The party arrived in Kyoto.
We voted against the bill.
Where's the nearest department store?
Quite a few people attended the opening ceremony of the new bridge.
Not all the students are against the plan.
The English language surrounds us like a sea.
Could you keep still, everyone?
The membership of the Boy Scout troop swelled.
I rode with her as far as the station.
We are anxious for your help.
I usually take a shower in the evening.
She might not know that we are here.
It's the only one there is in the shop.
You'd better not do it.
Once lost, time cannot be recalled.
Stop, I say.
Has the movie started yet?
Tie your shoelaces.
Where is the nearest telephone box?
It was careless of her to leave the door unlocked when she went out.
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
Fill the bucket with water.
Where can I get tickets?
You'd better believe.
Read it once more.
Ichiro will go to Nagoya for the first time.
Everybody in the picture is smiling happily.
No living thing could live without air.
Save it on the external hard drive.
A rose has thorns on its stem.
Can you tell me where to buy tickets?
Measure the length of the stick with a ruler.
Why don't you try to behave like a gentleman?
The frame itself is worth more than the picture.
France seems to be swinging left - Britain to the right.
How do you get to school?
I accept, but only under one condition.
Everywhere seems to be crowded.
Which bed do you want to use?
In general, little girls are fond of dolls.
It's fifty kilometers to Paris.
It is of little consequence to me.
You must make allowance for his lack of experience.
A strange sight greeted her eyes.
Ted was certain of winning the game.
You can't believe a word of it.
I know a good Italian restaurant.
Play the part of Hamlet.
I'm very glad to hear that.
The girl swimming in the pool is my cousin.
Do one thing at a time.
We stood at the door to welcome our guests.
It may be that he will never be famous.
Press this button to start the machine.
Lie down and make yourself comfortable.
We're on our way home.
By the way, where are you from?
Mac knows how to use this computer.
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
They rented their house for the summer.
I feel refreshed.
You can count on the $3,000 I have promised you.
I simply haven't the time to do everything I want to do.
Tom has lived in New York since he was a child.
I must start no matter how heavily it snows.
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.
At last both countries agreed on putting an end to the war.
Where did you have your picture taken?
Look at the house with the red roof.
Just as food feeds the body, so reading feeds the mind.
That's against the contract.
If you are busy, I will help you.
It's a matter of etiquette.
We had a gallop over the hill.
We are enthusiastic Hanshin Tigers fans.
A fire broke out nearby.
There are few mistakes in your composition.
We stood on the top of the mountain.
I have made a tremendous mistake.
Bill called me last night.
Shall we walk to the station?
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
Bob is keen to pass the examination.
If I were to tell him the truth, he would be angry.
Foreign people intrigue me.
I do not like science.
Apples are sold by the dozen.
Why do you want to study abroad?
You've run through all the butter?
The bus was empty except for one elderly woman.
Even our brains are subject to the laws of physics.
I think it is my business to study hard.
When was it that Mary bought this skirt?
We have lobsters only on special occasions.
I have to leave now.
You mustn't depend on others for help.
Meg is beating a drum.
Only one careless mistake cost the company millions of dollars.
Drunk in moderation, alcohol is not harmful.
Dave never returned to school again.
Whenever they meet, they quarrel.
You have to adjust your glasses to your eyes.
I can't imagine such a life.
It's my habit to read on the toilet.
Standing in the rain brought on a bad cold.
Turn on your back.
Allan was lucky and passed the tax accountant examination.
Is your apartment well maintained?
But for his advice, I could not finish it.
I'll see you later.
It can't be good sitting in the sun all day.
I love to jog more than anything else in the world.
White bread, please.
I found it easy to speak English.
A flight attendant walks up to the boys.
Don't be afraid.
It's not as though we were enemies at each other's throat.
Cigarette smoke fouls the air in a room.
Have you worked out the answer yet?
Now she lay weak in bed.
Thank you again for your kind assistance.
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
What time are you going on duty?
We know the truth, not only by reason, but also at heart.
That's a doll.
Has Father come home yet?
Even the smallest worm will turn if trodden on.
I want to get a connecting flight to Boston.
Smile now, cry later!
Smoking is harmful to your health.
If you hurry up, you will be in time.
The chances are that he will succeed.
All the stories are interesting.
I didn't bargain for Mary's coming so soon.
Beyond that I cannot help you.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life.
Wherever Mary goes, the sheep follows her.
Rome is worthy of a visit.
I heard my name called in the dark.
Who is heavier, Ben or Mike?
Won't you speak more slowly?
Was the movie good?
I am sending a copy of my letter to you.
The holidays always end all too soon.
Do you study chemistry?
A great scholar is not necessarily a good teacher.
It's touch and go.
She called me up, as I had expected.
Is it still raining?
I fell asleep while studying at my desk.
I am only joking.
Is this the right bus for Pacific Boulevard?
Do you know how high the television tower is?
At the party there was food in abundance.
We made Mr Grey chairman of the committee.
You'd better have your hair cut at once.
If you are done with the salt, please pass it to me.
I'll give you an answer in a day or two.
If a fire should break out, I would make off with my flute.
As he crossed the bridge, he looked down at the stream.
Mayuko wore a flower crown.
I haven't seen you for a long time, Bill.
Pizza is my favorite food.
At last, they purchased freedom with blood.
We cannot exclude feeling from our experience.
We were sweating in the heat.
Why did you try to run away?
Why don't you look it up in the phone book?
What kinds of beers do you have?
It is really quite a good story.
Daddy passed gas.
Whatever you may do, you must do your best.
I'm wheezing.
Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
You have to put up with all these noises.
Some of the drivers were laughing and yelling.
English is the world's language.
It's a pity that you can't come.
Plants grow quickly after rain.
I don't remember exactly, but I suppose it was Friday last week.
I should say he won't come.
As Beth wiped tears from her face, she rushed home.
She might be seriously ill.
Whether you like her or not, you can't marry her.
It runs against his character.
Did Mr Davis come to Japan to teach English?
I've suddenly lost weight.
Which shoes are you going to put on?
I visited Paris in Europe.
Let's go by bus to see more of the city.
Don't cry. There's nothing wrong.
Am I slipping?
Italy is a very beautiful country.
You and I are the same age.
Do it again!
I'm looking for batteries.
It was in 1912 that the Titanic sank during her first voyage.
Wine is not to my taste.
You cannot have your cake and eat it, too.
Mary went down to the kitchen.
I cannot make out why he isn't here yet.
Beware of imitations.
We should make every effort to maintain world peace.
A lot of students look up to Mr Brown.
It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy.
We went astray in the woods.
Roll up your right sleeve.
You must not read such a magazine, as it will do you harm.
Never did I dream of hearing from Tom.
Our plan has lots of advantages.
You'll need a special tool to do it.
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
As far as English is concerned, nobody can beat me.
We are confronted with a difficult situation.
We buy eggs by the dozen.
You can do whatever you want to.
That would leave me in a fix.
She is probably over forty.
Madonna's concert drew a large audience.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
How can you stand all these noises?
A trip to Hawaii will cost you about 200 dollars.
What sports do you go in for?
You can eat whatever you like.
It's a rainy day.
It is true that Mochida did his best, but he wasn't careful enough.
Why does he always run his son down?
I heard Tom snoring during the class.
It was such a shock.
I envy your lifestyle - living day-to-day like that.
Our team can easily beat your team in the first game.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
He has gone out for lunch already.
Is it far from here?
It was nice of you to come all this way to see me.
Stick to it!
Would you mind opening the window?
He studied hard, hardly taking time out for lunch.
It was such a cold day that we decided not to go out.
Is this the right window for cashing travelers' checks?
How well Mr Hirayama teaches!
Their scope and shape is unclear.
You may leave your bag here.
No one shall be held in slavery.
It was hard as rock.
Please refrain from speaking without permission.
It's time to go to bed. Turn off the radio.
The streets of New York are very wide.
Either day is OK.
I like both dogs and cats.
You must learn to be more careful.
You should take another pair of glasses when you go abroad.
You ought to have been more careful.
I can't say for sure.
The warmth after the chills intoxicated us.
It is foolish to equate money with happiness.
Don't beat your head against a stone wall.
The prices are subject to change without notice.
Have fun, but don't get lost.
Tom regretted having wasted a great deal of his life.
Will you go to Tokyo by bus?
Watch your step in dark alleys.
Grass is luxuriant in summer.
You are not at all wrong.
Add a little milk.
It is not important whether we win the game or not.
I think your answer is correct.
It's almost over.
I guess we should leave now.
We must observe the traffic regulations.
Salt is used to season food.
She got a run in her stocking when she broke the heel of her shoe.
We arrived at a compromise.
A single mistake, and you are a failure.
It has been raining on and off since the day before yesterday.
Where can dollars be exchanged for pounds?
Let me help you with your baggage.
Put down your pencil and listen to me.
You will stay at home.
At last, we reached England.
Mummy and Daddy are very nervous.
Stay with me, ladies and gentlemen.
Mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn't feel lonely.
Would you mind turning off the radio?
The sky was as clear as ever.
Having realized his hope, he returned home.
Have you eaten lunch yet?
Maria takes piano lessons once a week.
People feel most at ease when they are at home.
The manager complimented him on his achievement.
Let me tell you your fortune with cards.
It is a pity that you cannot travel with us.
Some of the movies are exciting.
Did you call me up last night?
Bob was popular with all his classmates.
Smoking is bad for you.
It falls on Sunday.
You mustn't touch it.
I'm afraid not.
If he would help you, he might come to you at once.
Please show me how to use the headset.
We can but do our best.
Here's some news for you.
We wish we didn't have to take a test in English.
I'm sorry for your not having come with us.
What you don't have is better than what you do have.
I'm working for McDonald's.
The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree.
Nancy is from London.
We all abide by law to live in any society.
You look stupid.
Gee, I wish I had that problem.
The weather bureau says it will rain tonight.
You must do it at once.
You are lying.
Cultures have a coherent view of the world.
The town was defended by a large army.
Let me have a cigarette.
For somebody who feels rushed all the time, I sure make slow progress.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
English, as you know, is very much a living language.
Don't let anyone come near the fire.
Who searches, finds.
Like water off a duck's back.
I can't attend the meeting.
The students learned this poem by heart.
Will you let me try once more?
Tom always makes fun of John because of his dialect.
Will you tell me where to change trains?
Many people drift through life without a purpose.
Tom happened to let out the secret to his friends.
One more step, and you'll be a dead man.
I think it's a good idea.
Your efforts will pay off one day.
What was the cause of your quarrel?
During winter I sleep with two blankets.
When did you begin learning German?
The streets are filled with an air of exoticism.
You had to study English.
It's as easy as pie.
I couldn't recognize him at first.
The foreign executives visited the manufacturing plant.
Don't eat between meals.
I hope it will clear up soon.
Look up the words in your dictionary.
We are going downtown to eat pizza.
You should have told him about it while he was here.
Alfred, King of England, was a great scholar as well as a great ruler.
I find it difficult to do all this work in a day.
Could you drive more slowly?
Don't forget to give us a ring when you arrive in Kyoto.
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
Your story doesn't corroborate what I've heard before.
We believe in democracy.
Raise your hand if you understand it.
I think I can handle it.
My hobbies are fishing and watching television.
At your age you ought to support yourself.
When they are in danger, they run away.
Your English has made gradual progress.
That excuse will not do.
Because of the rain they had to cancel the game.
Mary remained single all her life in Japan.
I don't want to get involved in that sort of thing.
Thank you for inviting me to the party.
They say we're going to get rain!
Arrive home.
We could hear the groans of the injured man.
No gratuities accepted.
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.
A lot of students do part-time jobs.
What a tall tree it is!
You can drive a car, can't you?
Betty read four stories during the vacation.
I have to assign more men to that work.
That's news to me.
Which team is the most likely to win the championship?
We sailed against the wind.
Our ownership in the company is 60%.
Shall I drive you home?
A hedge between keeps friendship green.
She must have sensed something odd.
And yet, the contrary is always true as well.
We were driven to the wall.
The meeting finished thirty minutes ago.
You got me!
How is it she does not come?
Why are you so insubordinate to your boss?
You had better do as I suggest.
I can on no condition forgive her.
Now that you are grown up, you must not behave like a child.
A moment's hesitation may cost a pilot his life.
We agreed to start early.
You're by my side; everything's fine now.
Tom is something of a musician.
I had enough to do to catch the last bus.
You could try and be a bit more civilized.
Travelling is easy these days.
Such evil customs should be done away with.
The doctor bandaged the boy's injured leg.
I'm busy because the finals are drawing on.
The travel agent will advise you where to stay.
You should not give him up for lost.
Don't make me laugh.
Let's go out unless it rains.
You have only to study hard.
The family is the most important unit in society.
Urgent business prevented him from going.
I don't have the strength to keep trying.
It was raining good and hard.
He's already a man.
I can't figure out why he didn't tell the truth.
The meeting was canceled because of the rain.
A book is lying on the desk.
I'm fixing the radio which I found on my way home.
I would rather stay home than go out.
Tell me how you solved the problem.
What kind of test is that?
Peter applied to his boss for a raise.
It's no use holding me back.
Lucy should be in the kitchen now.
There are no real visions.
You should pay attention to his story.
I visited him at intervals during my stay in Paris.
The party flew nonstop from New York to Paris.
We'll get this as clear as possible.
You should not play a joke on me.
My wife often rings me up, while she travels abroad.
Bill has a part-time job so that he can buy a car.
Your car makes too much noise. You should have it looked at.
Show me the photos, please.
I raise cattle.
It will begin snowing before long.
The destruction of the environment is appalling.
Tom has collected a great many butterflies.
It may well be true.
A six-figure income is not uncommon for physicians.
A lot of trees were cut down.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
You could have heard a pin drop.
You should polish your shoes before you go to the party.
She has convulsions.
I'll come to your place.
You should be responsible for your actions.
Why don't you give it another try?
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
How can you tolerate that rude fellow?
The chairman resigned out of the blue.
Many shoes nowadays are made of plastics.
You can hire a boat by the hour.
I'm getting sick and tired of Ms Maruta and her noisy friends.
I bought two loaves of bread.
The roof was torn off by the gale.
Provided you have a reservation, you can check in anytime.
We should have set off earlier.
Little by little, you will notice improvement in your writings.
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.
I feel listless and have a throbbing headache.
Tolstoy achieved worldwide fame.
They'll probably come by car.
My wife will be glad to see you, too.
What did you go there for?
Our school administration decided to do away with that school rule.
That being the case, he had little to say.
Quite a lot of rotten apples were in the basket.
Something is stuck in the pipe.
It is I that am bad.
Mary closed the door quietly.
The robber seized the bag from his hand.
You can read any book that interests you.
Please say hello to your family.
When does the restaurant open?
Those flowers have died.
The smoke went upward through the chimney.
Through the lens the image was inverted.
The phone is ringing. "I'll get it."
School starts in September in Europe.
A person who is only a pawn in the game often talks big in company.
One day I strolled into the woods.
Seaside resorts, such as Newport, are very crowded in summer.
Kyoko had the kindness to carry my baggage for me.
Your feet are swollen because your shoes are too small.
Tom was master of the situation in no time.
Modern travel enables us to go around the world in a few days.
We crossed several rivers on the way.
You must state the fact as it is.
One is tall and the other is short.
Tom has no friends to play with.
Meg was happy about meeting Tom again.
Dr Mason placed his work above everything.
Tell me which you want.
The speaker banged the table with his fist.
Don't scratch your mosquito bite. It'll get inflamed.
Bob was somewhat chubbier than his brother.
The dust rose in clouds.
Wherever he may go, he is sure to make friends.
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
The house whose roof is green is mine.
Did you go anywhere for the summer?
You made a wise choice.
It is already eleven.
Nurses attend to sick people.
Mr Kondo is the most hardworking in his company.
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
You have to account for your absence.
You should smoke less.
In her misery, Mary looked to her husband for help.
Let us turn now to the fundamental issue.
Thermometers often go below zero.
The driver ignored the stoplight.
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky.
The data is often inaccurate.
Why do I feel this way?
Don't try to do two things at a time.
We need to communicate with each other.
I don't like it at all.
You had better make a clean breast of everything.
It's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language.
They had not gone very far when they met an old man.
I'll be with you forever.
Japan entered into an alliance with France just before the war.
I am blessed if I know it.
My sister-in-law had four children in five years.
I'd like to make a collect call to Los Angeles.
At length, my wish was realized.
It puts a different complexion on the situation.
Really? What's your special today?
Marriages are made in heaven.
There is a narrow path running along the cliff.
John would often go mountain climbing when he was a student.
I didn't expect you to turn up here.
Before going home, I have a few drinks to relax.
It's to your credit that you told the truth.
The bus was very crowded. I wish I had taken a taxi.
What are you implying?
Do you have Beethoven?
I met her on my way to school.
It was so dark that they could hardly see.
Where can I get the airport bus?
Price depends on costs and demand.
The sky will soon clear up.
As we thought, she had gone abroad.
Write on every other line.
Your suggestion will be rejected by the teacher.
If it were not for water, human life would be impossible.
Our club is affiliated with an international organization.
The summer vacation lasts a couple of weeks.
I cannot possibly help you.
I hope the weather clears up before we have to leave.
Certainly. What can I do?
I should have done something.
If you make a mistake, just cross it out neatly.
About how much will it cost?
Ayako's skin is sensitive to chemicals.
Paul prefers English to math.
The agenda for the meeting has been distributed.
Why don't you come visit us?
The ball bounced over the wall.
I will put it down to your account.
Where is English spoken?
The engineers blew up the bridge because it was about to collapse.
We were able to settle the matter finally.
Your proposal is a bit extreme.
Why did you use up all the money?
We are looking forward to serving you again.
Mary asked after his father.
She believes him, whatever he says.
English is a means of communication.
New York's Fifth Avenue is comparable to Ginza.
I have been reading this for a few hours.
You should not keep company with such people.
We keep a collie as a pet.
Please show me the way to the station.
It is necessary for you to start now.
I want to see them again.
We appreciate his talent.
Mary left her sister to clean the windows.
Having nothing to do, I watched television.
At first, I didn't like him.
The snake coils itself up.
You had better not see her today.
Please use your headsets.
The line is busy now. Please hold the line.
If I had been rich, I would have given you some money.
It was so cold that I stayed at home all day.
It is rude to speak with your hands in your pockets.
Mary resembles her mother in appearance, but not in character.
You must fill the blanks in with a pen.
I buried my dog at the pet cemetery.
The jig is up; let's face the music like men.
We cannot meet your needs.
That was so good a book that I read it three times.
The rain was beating hard against the windowpane.
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
It's mean of you to talk that way.
Tom is accustomed to calling up girls on the telephone.
Are you referring to me?
My neck snapped when I did a headstand.
Hurry, or you'll miss the train.
The poet went mad in the end.
The smoke is rising in the air.
The bus was heading north.
I have absolute trust in you.
We were quite at a loss which way to go.
I couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth.
It is of great use.
We have to be ready to go through dangers there.
Do you feel at home anywhere?
Wine is not harmful in itself.
That's very nice of you, Willie answered.
You've just been down in the dumps.
School begins at 8:10 a.m.
The weather will soon begin to calm down.
Do you have one?
I went out with the heater on.
Mr Turner bade farewell to his colleagues.
I always wear boots when it rains or snows.
Have you read the book yet?
Don't you feel any inconvenience living abroad?
The meeting is held twice a month.
Tom intends to live in Japan for good.
I tried in vain to open it.
Tom's wife keeps him on such a short rope.
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again.
The nurse is dressed in white.
Check your answers with his.
Please help yourselves to drinks.
You should've said so earlier.
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese food.
You will soon hear from him.
Try to see things as they really are.
You burnt a hole in my coat with your cigarette.
You were just listening to the talk, without thinking.
Thanks, that's all.
Finally, she chose another kitten.
You must not tell a lie.
I don't have to wear glasses any more.
Is the hotel close to the airport?
Bill is my junior by two years.
Upon arriving at the airport, he said, "I'm glad I could come back."
Your income is three times larger than mine.
Come again?
What's the daily rate?
The picture you are looking at is a copy of a Picasso.
Fred followed my mother wherever she went.
I'll help you if possible.
Tiny particles in the air can cause cancer.
Mary is helping her mother.
Hitler led Germany into war.
Come as soon as possible.
I'm Tom Hunter.
I wish I had more time to talk with her.
It might rain. We'd better take an umbrella.
If it's raining, we don't plan to go hiking.
The doctor came into the examination room and asked about her problem.
I didn't stay home because it was raining.
Even if it takes you three years, you must accomplish your goal.
Everyone formed couples and began dancing.
You should see this film if you get the opportunity.
Take a mean position in everything.
The chill of coming winter discouraged our picnic.
Donkeys are tough animals.
It is up to us to help those people.
What a haughty fellow he is!
I can imagine how you felt.
Render good for evil.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
I weep for my lost youth.
I think it is a mere coincidence.
Where should I go to be admitted into the emergency room?
If it were not for water, there would be no life on the earth.
May I interrupt you a while?
Were I in your place I would do the same thing.
How come he hates Molly?
The meeting began at nine o'clock sharp.
Why are you in such a hurry?
The check, please.
The students were required to learn the Constitution by heart.
We called the party a great success.
If he wants to succeed at all, he must work harder.
I scarcely slept a wink.
I'll show you to the station.
Please make way for him.
Just tell Mr Tate that Helen Cartwright is here to see him.
The school gymnasium was enlarged.
What did Bell invent?
I'm glad to have passed at all.
Our staff is eager to help you.
Parliament has its beginnings in 14th-century England.
The cost of flying overseas has risen with the cost of fuel.
We didn't want to go, but we had to.
The owl can see in the dark.
Bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood.
It begins at six-thirty.
The church congregation was moved by the fine sermon.
May I see your driver's license, sir?
If anything comes up that you don't understand, come to me.
Did you actually see the accident?
Tom is heavier than Jack by ten pounds.
Our friendship remained firm.
Someone has torn two pages out of this book.
With her heart pounding, she opened the door.
Show me how to do it, please.
Which car is your father's?
It's raining, so we should go home.
It's all over for you.
Most women make much of fashion.
Legends of vampires flourish in the Balkans.
Good food and enough sleep are absolutely necessary to good health.
You have as much right as everyone else.
I'd like some information on motels.
You have no one but yourself to blame.
Survey the landscape below.
More than one student studies French in our class.
I want to go somewhere on a trip.
We will never agree.
It tasted sweet.
Tom was dismissed without notice.
Owls are supposed to be very wise.
I am tired of hearing it.
I can't for the life of me remember her address.
Do you think that my way of teaching is wrong?
You will not take Bob's advice.
That was some storm.
I think your English has improved a lot.
Please write with a pencil.
I haven't seen Bill for a long time.
Tom is head and shoulders above others.
I'm undressing.
Please turn off the TV.
You need to enjoy yourself and have fun once in a while.
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.
They started in spite of the heavy rain.
Indeed he is young, but he is prudent.
He who makes no mistakes makes nothing.
There is one apple on the desk.
Winter is my favorite season.
I'm too lazy to do my homework.
Ming called her friend yesterday evening.
Can't you understand the pain of your parents?
It will cost thirty thousand yen at the lowest estimate.
It is not for us to live in such a fine house.
Do you keep a diary?
It's a dictionary.
Do we have anything I can snack on?
Please go to the bank.
The monster's smile was cruel.
Steady the boat so we can get on safely.
I'll make allowances for your lack of experience.
If anything should ever happen to me, you can look here.
Our plans for the summer are taking shape.
I think I might join you, but I haven't decided yet.
That shows his theoretical background.
I can't live that kind of life.
You probably just have a cold.
Do me the favor of coming.
I got a taxi in front of the station.
You really like comic books, don't you?
Take care.
We broadcast news on the hour.
We found the footprints in the sand.
Stop your nonsense!
Every student was asked his or her name and birthplace.
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?
It looks like rain.
I can read them all.
Each of the girls was dressed neatly.
I found it impossible to get in contact with him.
One of his colleagues whispered.
Well, here we are at last!
Anywhere with a bed will do.
Your father's supporters are not limited to his friends.
An eagle is flying in the sky.
I'll come and see you one of these days.
I'm forever lost, can't you see? I'm in a bind!
I would like to call on you one of these days.
Now that you have come of age, you should know better.
By the way, how old are you?
It is stupid of him to behave like that.
Lend your money and lose your friend.
Yes, I'm coming!
Everybody speaks well of him.
How do you feel now?
Our new head office is in Tokyo.
Tom is a very good tennis player.
If the telephone rings, can you answer it?
A helicopter circled over us.
English isn't easy to master.
It's money down the drain.
Bob can answer all the questions.
Please turn the page.
Gold is heavier than iron.
Don't be a fool.
Cows give us milk.
It caught me off guard; I didn't know what to do.
You have only to stand in front of the door. It will open by itself.
Hard work is the main element of success.
Nice to see you again!
The bank is three blocks away.
I'll take my chances with you.
Is it anything serious?
We won't start till Bob comes.
The professor solved the problem at last.
By all means, go ahead.
Our plan has many additional advantages.
Nancy set out on a solo journey.
Don't carry a practical joke too far.
I had a devil of a time.
The fare is one dollar each way.
Doctors can be wrong, and some patients can suddenly improve.
They went ahead with the plan since there were no objections.
This is Mike speaking. May I speak to Hiroshi, please?
No need to worry.
Please show me another one.
I think you'd better take a rest; you look ill.
I hope my dream will come true.
It is better to give than to take.
You should sleep.
If you eat too much, you'll become fat.
We chaired the meeting democratically.
Do you go by bus, by train, or by subway?
The car crashed because the driver was careless.
We went on a school trip to Nara.
Each person has his own way of doing things.
I would like to purchase your latest mail order catalogue.
No one but Tom handed in the report.
It is difficult to adapt oneself to sudden changes of temperature.
Where should I pick the tickets up?
It's not worth much.
Your conduct is beyond bearing.
Your mind is not occupied with your own affairs.
On behalf of the company, I welcome you.
Tom has always performed well in every job he has had.
Here's my wallet.
As it is cold, you may keep your overcoat on.
Have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house?
To our relief, he came back safe and sound.
I love you.
What's your major field?
Did you do your homework? The meeting is only two days away.
Robots can withstand dangerous conditions.
Please come home as quickly as possible.
Telephone me if it rains.
Call an ambulance.
The Diet will meet on Tuesday.
France borders Italy.
We hope to see you again.
I was extremely surprised when I saw this.
I left my briefcase in the bus.
Because it is there.
Meg has a cat as a pet.
Why don't we order pizza?
Maria knew neither his name nor his phone number.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
Another storm, and our village would have been ruined.
I wondered why people were staring at me.
He knows hardly anything about it.
Mary was not worthy of your trust.
Get out, or you will be sorry.
Students discussed the problem of brain death for a long time.
I sometimes look back on the good days I had in London.
The party was a lot of fun.
Tom is eager for the apple.
We met by happenstance.
Applicants were requested to submit their resumes.
The door would not open.
By the way, have you ever been to Europe?
Go to your posts.
It doesn't surprise me.
Please don't have any hard feelings.
Let's patch up our argument.
Could you let me see your notes?
You look as if it were none of your business.
What did you go to Kyoto for?
It was the best play that I had ever seen.
Is your uncle still abroad?
Mrs. North is very proud of her children.
Do you like powder-snow skiing?
What in the world are you getting at?
Lucy is certain to come.
Bus service must be increased in frequency.
Help yourself to more cookies.
It was less than fifty dollars.
Is it a direct flight?
Let's go early, shall we?
Why did he run away?
Discussion resumed after a short interruption.
It's strange you say that.
All at once the bride burst into laughter.
I saw something strange in the sky.
I may do; it would depend on circumstances at the time.
I've just been to my uncle's house.
You must give him up for dead.
Check in, please.
Talking of Mr Ito, what has become of his son?
It is raining all the time.
How long has he lived there?
You bit the hand that fed you.
What would you do if another war occurred?
Suppose it were true; what would you do?
We're elected.
I usually have a glass of milk for breakfast.
Is everything all right?
It's already eleven o'clock. I must be leaving now.
My nephew was accustomed to sitting up late.
It was so hot that we went swimming.
She got a job as a typist.
Look at me when I talk to you!
Could we have a fork?
Please refrain from smoking.
The noisy headphones are that guy's.
Please feel free to call me up.
Would you speak more slowly, please?
It's high time you got going.
There is nothing in the world but teaches us some good lesson.
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
Our train stopped suddenly.
Any goods can be supplied at a day's notice.
How smart!
She's intent on going to New York to study fashion.
We can count on him for financial help.
There must have been some more tea in the pot.
If you will lend me the money, I shall be much obliged to you.
Mary burst into the kitchen.
Mary was able to swim across the river.
And what do you do?
A boy sleeping in bed seems to be an angel.
Are you interested in foreign languages?
Is this the Taylors'?
What vile behavior!
Why do you dislike his way of speaking?
We have no choice but to compromise.
It's 7:30 now. I must fly.
You may or may not win.
The dog hid under the bed whenever lightning flashed.
Mary, this is Joe's brother David.
The ice will crack beneath our weight.
I'll be staying at the Portside Hotel.
How many flights to New York do you offer a day?
After seeing the movie, I was impressed.
You must not violate the regulations.
Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.
There were a lot of stars visible in the sky.
I really need to hit somebody.
Hanako came all the way from Hokkaido in order to see her father.
Do any of the members agree with you?
It is considered impossible to travel back to the past.
I am quite ready for payment.
It smells delicious.
You had better speak more naturally.
You will have heard the news, I think?
Your success is the result of your hard work.
Do you hear from your son from time to time?
Could you send me a brochure?
I will help you, of course.
I lost the door key, so I can't enter the house.
The magnets, of course, have a magnetic field around them.
He acted as a guide while I was staying in Kyoto.
So great was his emotion that he could not utter a word.
I warmed myself at the fire.
You don't have to tell me that, fool.
But you've never told me about this!
Uh... How's that working?
I am glad that you have returned safe.
You can get ahead in the world.
The table was covered with dust.
I've caught a bad cold.
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
I wonder if you would kindly introduce us to someone.
Machinery uses a lot of electricity.
Not a single word did he say.
Martha is an excellent pianist.
I will come, time permitting.
The settlers embraced the Christian religion.
In case of fire, press this button.
A mouse is running about in the room.
It's practical to have a laptop.
Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.
A bee flew out of the window.
Dave is the fastest swimmer of all my classmates.
I expect you know all about it.
Diplomats are allowed various privileges.
I have another year at high school.
Tom recommended the novel to them.
I'll look you up when I visit New York.
More money for education will spur economic growth.
Summer is the season I like best.
It snowed for many days together.
Once upon a time, there was an old man in this village.
I'm all in a dither about the concert.
You must take off your hat in the room.
By the way, have you seen him lately?
I like my job very much.
I haven't made up my mind sufficiently enough to agree with you.
What do you need the money for?
We have the edge on them.
The thermometer stood at 37 degrees centigrade.
On the whole, I think your plan is a very good one.
It is best that you stop smoking.
Fire is very dangerous.
He gives me the creeps.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
Ladies and gentlemen, please come this way.
It is raining worse than ever.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
In music or speaking, a pause is frequently used for dramatic effect.
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.
Has my roommate been decided?
Bring me two pieces of chalk.
I don't really like the stores there.
Would you like to exchange links?
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.
My roommate's having a party.
I took the bus in order to reach the destination before it got dark.
The school is two kilometers ahead.
I remember seeing her once on the street.
What do you learn?
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
The train was held up for two hours on account of the snowstorm.
We watched the sun setting behind the mountains.
How beautiful you are!
Mars resembles our planet in some ways.
There is an orange on the table.
If it is fine tomorrow, we will play baseball.
I will fly to N.Y., or anywhere else.
It's my favorite food.
Make a sketch of your house.
Naples is a picturesque city.
Fragments of the mirror were scattered on the floor.
Bill came all the way from Florida.
Where would I find shoes?
Sure, go right ahead.
Could you turn on your headlights?
Where's the nearest travel agency?
What did you come here for?
Our living room is sunny.
The vase fell to the floor and shattered.
If it were not for television, the world would feel even larger.
I'll take attendance first.
Tony is a fast runner.
You cannot sell the cow and drink the milk.
There is an athletic meet soon.
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?
The buds began to open.
Can you get a day off?
A strange fellow, he never speaks unless spoken to.
Bring as many boxes as you can carry.
I'll give it some thought.
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
Food, clothing and shelter are the basis of life.
You've got a lot of guts.
You should concentrate on the road when you're driving.
That is in my recollections.
Mary scarcely seems to care for me, does she?
Why will you not listen to reason?
Most developing countries are suffering from overpopulation.
I will have to wait till I finish schooling and start earning money.
Bill brought me the book.
It's you who has broken our agreement.
I made a deposit of $1,000 at the bank.
Never rub your eyes with dirty hands.
It was a dark night.
Everyone of us will have to accept the current of the times.
Never have I seen such a thing.
Even the longest day will have an end.
It is quite a big number.
May I use the telephone for a while?
Smoking has affected his lungs.
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
Will you help me prepare for the party?
I watched TV this morning.
Soon the new year comes around.
Cold as it was, we went out.
The performance was almost over.
Nowadays we are apt to forget the benefits of nature.
The professor lectured on French history.
It's time to go to bed.
Have you begun studying English?
Because of rain, I could not go out.
When must I turn in the report?
Tell me what to do.
To speak English is not easy.
Everyone speaks highly of him.
Something's got to give.
Mary was so kind as to help me.
Judging from those facts, Mr Mori must be a wealthy person.
Are you going to sing here?
What's playing at the Music Box Theater?
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.
There are many things which we cannot evaluate in terms of money.
Doctors have offered me nothing but sleeping pills.
The band sprang to life.
Take whatever cake you want.
The information you gave me is of little use.
Bob seems excited about watching the soccer game.
You should conform to the rules.
The church is just across the street.
It's five o'clock somewhere now.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
Would to God that it were true!
Do you have something to write with?
I replaced the broken cups with new ones.
What have you got to say for yourself?
The men I meet are all very nice.
If I knew it, I would tell it to you.
The English language is cognate to the German language.
I'd like some cheese.
It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
It is necessary for you to start at once.
I think it's wonderful that you're going on a picnic.
Trains come more often than buses.
The tourists wandered around the stores.
Not all of us can speak English.
In Great Britain the king reigns, but does not govern.
What kind of musicals are on Broadway right now?
You can't swim, can you?
Don't you know that you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
I need a police car.
You cannot have your way in everything.
We must prevail against our rivals by all means.
We postponed our picnic pending a change in the weather.
That is intriguing.
Please do as it seems best to you.
We should strike a balance between our expenditure and income.
It is a childish act.
It is said that nobody has solved the problem yet.
You have a gift for music.
Stop resting your elbows on the table.
Would you look after my children while I am away on vacation?
You have many books.
No matter how hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
It's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration.
Lois always butts into our conversation.
They learned all there was to know about it.
Did you have a good time?
The doctor called him back.
Hungry and thirsty, we at last reached the inn.
You cannot have your own way in everything.
It's a very slow business.
No matter how hard he tried, he could not get out of the maze.
So they were not able to dream.
I have a lot of phlegm.
I'll tell you how to swim.
Mike has two girl friends.
Mary really takes after her mother.
Of course, there were concerts in the town.
Enjoy your vacation.
Her behavior at the party was far from perfect.
Bob dropped in at his uncle's house.
The gold was beaten into thin plates.
The driver advised us to fasten our seat belts.
All the students will partake in the play.
It is in order to hear your voice well.
An apple fell to the ground.
The pot is boiling over.
Let's stop and take a rest.
I can't explain it either.
Show me a better one.
No sooner had the bell rung than the teacher came into the classroom.
In general, young people dislike formality.
I broke the personal computer.
Other things being equal, the simplest explanation is the best.
Bill is a great fighter.
The candle went out of itself.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
Could I ask you to do that again?
If I were you, I would accept his offer.
What time does the play begin?
The fire went out.
Since the bus had been delayed, we had a long wait in the rain.
I was too astonished to speak.
His height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball.
Do you think we'll have good weather?
There is a strong wind blowing outside.
Well do I remember the day you were born.
No one is here. They are all outside.
More than 90 percent of visits to a web page are from search engines.
Miyazaki is not what it used to be.
It is the in thing to do.
The following is what he told me.
Was it rainy in London?
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.
But we call him Tony at home.
The value of education cannot be overemphasized.
Brokers made a killing because of the high yen.
A painter's eyes are his most important tools.
Let's take a break.
In that case, I'll change my mind.
Every door in the house is locked.
Sports always come naturally to him.
Such was Linda's disappointment that she burst into tears.
Where are you?
At last, I completed my work.
The meeting was well attended.
You should not despise a man because he is poorly paid.
NYNEX, is this an emergency?
It's too good to be true.
The time has come for you to play your trump card.
I can't help but think you're making a mistake.
Whichever road you may take, it will lead to the station.
Whoever comes, I'll welcome him warmly.
At last he came to.
The results of the term examination were anything but satisfactory.
Who is the boy that is swimming over there?
All the king's subjects, fearing his wrath, often acted quite servile.
When I got home, I was very tired.
Love can mend your life.
A camel can store a large amount of water in the hump on its back.
Oh, it's very kind of you to say so.
The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
I could say nothing in my dad's presence.
Were I free from work, I could read these books.
Cross out all the wrong answers.
Let me know what you're up to.
The argument that smoking is injurious has become accepted.
Some people would question the truth of such rumors.
The doctor was wearing a white coat over a blue suit.
I'm afraid it's going to rain.
I walked around all day, and I am done in.
Let's study English.
There are many famous old buildings in Kyoto.
Portia tempered justice with mercy.
Who taught you to play the piano?
They drink a good deal of tea in England.
He is a mean fellow.
What do you say to a game of chess?
Are you sure you've never met him?
You must treat them with more consideration.
A strong wind was blowing.
Tom had no appetite because of his illness.
Now that you are tired, you'd better rest.
Acid fruits like pineapples and lemons are sour.
Even though it is raining, he will play golf.
There is no easy process of learning.
I remember seeing her somewhere.
We must finish our homework first.
We should start getting Christmas gifts for the children.
The hen sits on her eggs until they hatch.
The television set needs to be fixed.
You should practice playing the violin every day.
The party set out despite the bad weather.
That was an exciting game. Everybody was excited.
All the workers went home save one.
We have a substantial stake in the venture.
Tom likes cheese.
Don't make a mistake.
Let's take a trip to New York.
It is impossible for you to do so.
Why did you say such a thing to him?
Don't talk around it.
If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.
Suddenly rain began to fall.
She arrived just as I was leaving.
He will do anything to make money.
He was so sad that he almost went mad.
My heart is trembling.
May I talk with you for a moment?
Most boys like baseball.
My pet cat died yesterday.
The danger past and God forgotten.
Tom escaped from the danger.
How about going steady with me?
Round-trip fares to each destination are as follows.
A student with a crew cut was sitting in the front seat.
I found myself back in my room.
I have to keep my mind on this important question.
May has been in Japan for a year.
Is Spanish spoken in Mexico?
It would provoke a saint.
It won't make any difference whichever you choose.
How many payments will it take to pay off this loan?
No matter how hard I practiced, I wasn't able to do the backstroke.
What an incredible amount of work he has done!
It's not much of a surprise, is it?
Your conduct is absolutely shameful.
Don't risk putting everything in one boat.
It pains me to disagree with your opinion.
I would like to see Mr Holmes.
How is everyone?
Heat and light are necessary for our existence.
Mary takes after her father.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
You really are hopeless.
Doctors' bills really cut into our savings.
Machinery dispenses with much labor.
Call me at once, in case there is an accident.
I don't feel like anything.
The storm broke.
Your suggestion is of no practical use.
Why did you leave out the first question on the exam?
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
Cut it with a knife.
I do not love him the less for his faults.
We are to go on a hike tomorrow.
Without oxygen, all animals would have disappeared long ago.
After the movie they fall asleep.
Look at that tower standing on the hill.
A girl approached the king from among the crowd.
He was still as still in the presence of danger.
London air was not much to boast of at best.
Do you have any coughing?
I grew tomatoes last year and they were very good.
The spectators were moved by her graceful performance.
It is truly regrettable.
I stayed indoors because it rained.
Is it near your house?
Ben ran a 100-meter race with Carl.
The party puts everyone in high spirits.
How did she get mixed up with such unpleasant people?
Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
I'd like it in a brighter color.
The bus was very crowded.
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?
Don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing.
Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
Don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away.
There were many late arrivals to the concert.
What kind of play is it?
Make sure you have reserved a room at the hotel.
You overestimate him.
You must study more.
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.
It's necessary for you to go.
We listened to his lecture on the radio.
The helicopter is flying very low.
The speaker should stand where everyone can see him.
We must act at once.
It is by no means easy to master a foreign language.
I'm certain of your success.
You had better hurry because the banks will close soon.
I didn't give up for lack of hope.
The slightest mistake may lead to a fatal disaster.
Where are the tampons?
Down with corrupt politicians.
You're in better shape than I am.
Tom slipped out of the classroom.
I have to withdraw some cash from the bank.
The members decreased by 50 to 400.
It is by no means certain.
Much to my surprise, the door opened noiselessly.
We must do our job as best as we can.
Why does one say "Good day" when the day is not good?
What a waste of water!
Can I pay for the book by check?
I smell something burning.
Years ago, she used to hang around with a bunch of bikers.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have said such a thing to her.
Don't cross your bridges before you come to them.
If you do that kind of thing, it's not fair to her.
I'm so tired that I don't feel like studying tonight.
Can you take notes for me during the professor's talk?
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
Do you think we'll make it to the airport in time, Paul?
Don't make such a sour face.
Your father went through all that trouble for your sake.
Say it in another way.
I'm allergic to pollen.
A crowd of people were present at a party.
I stayed home because of the rain.
Don't hold back.
Bob's father teaches at a girls' school.
Drive more carefully, or you will run into trouble.
I accept what you say to some extent.
Little lights were blinking on and off in the distance.
No matter who says so, I don't believe it.
What time shall we make it?
I take it for granted that you will join.
We noticed the man enter her room.
You must do as I tell you.
Some Blacks seek more radical solutions.
You may read whichever book you like.
Written in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Perry obtained precious information from him.
I wish you every happiness.
That was the end of the class.
I only just saw the accident.
Paris did her best to defend her liberties.
But for your help, he would have failed.
Judging from her appearance, she seems to be very rich.
Anyway, I don't like it.
Despite all my efforts, I will not have the report ready by Friday.
Smokers take twice as many days off sick as non-smokers.
There are several books on the desk.
Tom saved her from the fire.
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
I'm thinking about which college might be best for me.
How rude of you!
Let's dine out for a change.
There was no doctor who could cure her illness.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
It is not what you read but how you read it that counts.
You have some books.
Please fill in the application form and send it back by November 2nd.
Miniskirts have been out of date for some time.
Do come in, please.
We saw the film and had dinner together.
The end of money is the end of love.
You ought not to have done such a thing.
Interest rates will rise due to monetary tightening.
Open the door and let me in, please.
You seem to be an honest man.
Kyoto is most crowded when it is most beautiful.
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.
I would like to excuse myself from receiving the Akutagawa Prize.
I've heard of Tom's marriage to a rich woman.
When did your sister leave Tokyo for London?
You are at liberty to leave any time.
School discipline is not as it should be.
You're too drunk to drive.
I wish it would stop raining.
Please take the pants in a bit.
You ought to know better at your age.
Don't you know Mr. Brown?
Those words are mere diplomatic niceties.
The brandy brought him around in no time.
You will have to go without her.
It is a white lie.
The train hasn't arrived yet.
At last, Mary recovered her senses.
If you have a medical certificate, bring it.
Playing rugby, he got injured.
Round trip or one-way?
Too much rest is rust.
That's putting it mildly.
The expansion is aging.
Do you want to look into it?
A strange thing happened last night.
I've already finished my work.
What are the business hours?
I don't want to let my emotions out.
You must not go to extremes in anything.
It was named after the first American president.
I have just come back from school.
At your age, you ought to know better.
How fast the plane is!
Not knowing what to do, she remained silent.
That's a splendid idea.
Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.
It was to a great extent his own fault.
Your team is stronger than ours.
Owing to the rain, the athletic meeting was put off.
There is no need for you to stay here.
Leave it where you found it.
You should get yourself a new car now.
It was fine all day.
You are not to leave this room.
I'd rather walk than take a bus.
Sometimes her free manner seems rude.
I have tennis elbow.
Have more month left over at the end of the money.
The student center is a good place to strike up conversations.
Always give way to traffic coming from the right.
You like Kawaguchi.
Can I please have something hot to drink?
To my great surprise, we won!
You can choose whichever color you like.
It's below her to say such a thing.
Thank you for helping me. "Don't mention it."
A woman appeared from behind a tree.
Give me time to give you everything I have!
Imagine that you have a time machine.
Tom and Jim have been on bad terms for many years.
That is the common occurrence in Japan.
I took a taxi because it was raining.
A poor singer, he doesn't like to sing in public.
Tom and Jane got married last month.
Which airport do I leave from?
Please paint the door white.
If you had not eaten so much, you would not be so sleepy now.
The rain prevented me from going out.
Last year's pop hit was set off by a serial TV drama.
The ball bounced high in the air.
A shave, please.
Walk more slowly.
It will require substantial time and financial resources.
How well Aoi dances!
Please forgive me for not having written for a long time.
A bat flying in the sky looks like a butterfly.
Bobby must go to bed by 7:30.
We work on every day of the week except Sunday.
The Yankees got the better of the Dodgers.
You must be a late riser.
Would you pass the salt, please?
What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
So this is Lady Evans.
You needn't have come in such a hurry.
I know nothing but this.
Those agenda items were taken up en bloc for discussion.
At last, Mario managed to win the princess's love.
Thank goodness, you've come to.
Tom can swim as fast as you.
How long did it take you to drive from here to Tokyo?
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
Let me know in case you feel sick.
Tom has been talking on the phone for an hour.
Don't bother to call on him.
I'll work that into my tight schedule.
To be an interesting person you have to feed and exercise your mind.
Will it bother you if I turn on the radio?
I think it's the best way.
That's how he got away from prison.
You need not take the trouble to go there.
That's not a bad idea.
We heard the news that you had passed the exam.
Owing to a bad cold, he could not take part in the game.
I'm glad I've finally caught you.
We are happy to have you join our team.
On arriving home, I discovered the burglary.
It is merely an imitation pearl.
Do you have this symptom often?
Mingle your joys sometimes with your earnest occupation.
He asked me to wait there until he came back.
Michael caught her by the hand.
Don't take it seriously.
My uncle has a store along the street.
I'm staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
Whatever you do, you must do your best.
England expects that every man will do his duty.
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
Turn up the radio. I can't hear it.
The students noted down every word the teacher said.
Would you care for another glass of beer?
You should eat some vegetables rich in vitamins.
But I have no apples left to give you.
Every one opposed it, but Mary and John got married all the same.
You must learn to obey instructions.
I cannot help but laugh at it.
You should have talked more politely.
Are your opinions representative of those of the other students?
On leaving school, she got married to her classmate.
Would you like something to drink?
How do you like your beef stew?
The students are busy preparing for the examination.
I learned a lot from you.
We appealed to our teacher to go more slowly.
I don't understand German at all.
Send me the best employees that money can buy. Money is no object.
Do more exercise, or you'll get too fat.
Oh, the driver is a maniac.
The summer vacation has come to an end too soon.
I wish I could go to the party with you.
A dance will be held on Friday.
I'm sorry to hear it.
You must not rely too much on appearance.
Please book me a room in a first-class hotel.
We finally decided to give him over to the police.
We gave our mother a watch.
How many bags do you have?
Students should try not to be late.
It's a shortcut to the school.
The audience was carried away by his touching performance.
By what authority do you order me to do this?
Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
Not a moment could be lost.
You can't wring any more money from me.
Where do you intend to spend your vacation?
Tom liked his job very much.
That, while regrettable, is true.
Mike played a bad trick on his brother.
Famine followed upon the eruption of the volcano.
Did Ming's father play tennis yesterday?
What do you associate with summer?
Let's dance, my darling.
If I had known the news, I would have told you.
What's biting you?
Those regulations all apply to everyone without a single exception.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
The octopus is in the sea.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
It is nice to see you again.
The members numbered thirty, all told.
The moon is invisible behind the clouds.
Cheese is made from milk.
Which line should I get in? "Any line is fine."
Many would jump at the chance to live in New York.
I think the love of money is common to us all.
Don't count your chickens.
It will not be long before the boy learns what life is.
In the summer, people go to the seaside.
The bank keeps money for people.
New York is on the Hudson River.
Who left the door open?
Something is wrong with the brakes.
I think we had better wait another thirty minutes.
Let me give you some advice.
The medical profession keeps handing out warnings about smoking.
I don't know what to do anymore.
It is difficult for us to persuade him.
What seems simple to you seems complex to me.
I hope you will call again.
The road which leads to the hotel is narrow.
Please say hello to your wife.
It's well done.
Where can I get some information on tours?
Put me through to the boss, please.
There is a card on the desk.
She can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad.
First we'll hit Kyoto.
We have a visitor right now. Would you mind waiting for a while?
I haven't seen him for years.
Do you know which book sells well now?
Don't change your mind so often.
Go up the stairs.
Don't you smell something unusual?
Where is your school?
Soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes.
Time to get up.
Can I dial directly?
Mary looked at herself in the mirror.
Don't be late for school.
In a word, it's ridiculous.
Where can I go to buy art books and catalogues?
We will run short of oil some day.
The sun will come up soon.
Some people identify success with having much money.
A man came up to me and asked for a match.
We moved into this house last month. We will settle down soon.
You must buy milk, eggs, butter, and so on.
What languages do they speak in Belgium?
There will be hell to pay if I don't make this deadline.
The church bell used to ring at three.
Mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date.
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.
I'm going to buy myself a new camera, digital this time.
Somebody called my name in the dark.
It was given to me by the Queen herself.
Even if he is in trouble, Mac is always optimistic.
We are entering a new phase in the war.
It's a strange story, but every word of it is true.
A squirrel hid among the branches.
I know an American girl who speaks Japanese very well.
You must get up a little earlier.
You have to leave home at six.
Without water, the soldiers would have died.
Please drop in at my house on your way home.
Fire devoured the forest.
I ate a fresh lemon for the vitamin C.
The bridge is being repaired.
This and that are two different stories.
A tiger is bigger and stronger than a cat.
We'd like another bottle of wine.
Ming wasn't dancing with Masao then.
I am very sorry, but I must cancel our appointment for February 27.
Even an expert driver can make a mistake.
A lot of people were waiting for him.
If I were to go abroad, I would go by boat.
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
We bound her to secrecy.
The mail train lost most of its mail in the fire.
Your work didn't come up to our expectations.
Open your mouth!
Who will take care of your cat then?
If you are going to have a party, please count me in.
Why did you give up the idea of learning French?
Henry is old enough to support himself.
I want something hot to drink.
Hurry up, and you can catch the train.
The sight sent chills of delight up my spine.
His bread is buttered on both sides.
Investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today's fire.
The students grimaced at the teacher.
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.
I am very much relieved to know that.
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
Which he wants is not clear.
We appointed him as our representative.
He began to work for that company last year.
I haven't read either book.
You should eat something before you go.
Teachers should occasionally let their students blow off some steam.
You can wear my scarf as long as you don't spill anything on it.
A pub is a popular gathering place in which to drink beer.
The sky became darker and darker.
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
If the sun were to go out, all living things would die.
They all looked happy.
You are in part responsible for it.
Please let us know if we can be of help in other ways.
There is no sense in standing when there are seats available.
I'll accompany you to the airport.
What symptoms do you have?
God knows that it is true.
It's a bit cold, though.
The boats are abandoned on shore.
The first step is as good as half over.
I'm off beer.
That sounds a little off.
The school is across from our house.
In the matter of food and clothing, we are pretty well off.
The bridge is being repainted.
The French word 'chat' means 'cat'.
We are working in the interest of peace.
I'm going to have a heavy day.
Can you see something red down below?
The eagle does not catch flies.
Your eyes remind me of stars.
We are very much concerned about the future of this country.
I feel for you deeply.
Some people like the sea; others prefer the mountains.
But I have to take night shifts twice a week.
You should have nothing to complain about.
I am in favor of your proposal.
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.
Mike goes to school by bus.
It won't be long before Mike gets well.
The stock price index soared to an all-time high.
Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously.
The committee elected him chairperson.
Is it a butterfly or a moth?
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.
I'll fix you some coffee.
Shoes are sold in pairs.
How many English words do you know?
I'll be able to finish it in a day or two.
Was Midori skiing in Hokkaido then?
He insured himself for a rainy day.
That can diagnose anything, quicker and cheaper than a doctor.
How lucky we are to have had the opportunity to work with you!
There was a bus in the way.
I took the radio apart to repair it.
It gets hot and humid in summer.
You should have come a little earlier.
There is nothing like air travel.
Wine can make the meal.
What a memory you have.
Would you please turn down the TV a little?
Please put me through to Mr Smith.
We cleared a path through the woods.
Carrots and turnips are edible roots.
Your voice carries well.
Where did you have your suit made?
School begins on April 8.
There is a large house on the hill.
If it hadn't been for his advice, I couldn't have succeeded.
Let's have a party for Tom's birthday.
We were all greatly amused by his jokes.
If there were no clouds, we could not enjoy the sun.
Mary stood with her hand shading her eyes.
Instead, they prefer to stay in and watch television.
The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English.
Did you start to learn the piano when you were three, like Mozart?
There should be something for us to talk about.
What time will you get to the station?
Now that you're grown up, you must not behave like that.
The fire caused a panic in the theater.
The roses are in full bloom.
Sure enough, the ghost appeared on the balcony.
He closed the window for fear of rain.
Secret police moved among the crowd during the demonstration.
Finally, we found a point of compromise.
It looks as if autumn is really here.
The rescue party searched for the missing passengers.
Nancy is the tallest girl in her class.
Please follow the nurse's directions.
Don't quarrel over trifles.
I can't bend my right arm.
After the concert, the crowd made for the nearest door.
Have you got a pen?
Money cannot buy happiness.
Cover up the injured man with this blanket.
Playing cards is fun.
If she should come to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
Tom cut classes again.
The sky was fiery with the setting sun.
Tom should have gone to the dentist yesterday.
Divide the cake among you three.
I cannot thank you too much.
Room service. May I help you?
Three workers on board the truck were killed in the accident.
Would you have another cup of tea?
The fisherman cast his line into the water.
Students have access to these computers.
The rain has lasted for the past two days.
Won't you have some more coffee?
What a splendid dinner!
Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls.
May I use your toilet?
Why not apologize and ask for his pardon?
How can you say such a foolish thing?
What a lovely creature!
Seeing that we have little time, we have to hurry.
Is there a shuttle bus between the hotel and airport?
You are a doctor.
Bring it to me.
Would you mind letting me see your passport?
A ball hit her on the right leg.
Tom is playing the violin now.
Fred kicked a ball.
If only we didn't have to take a test in English.
Mary has a flower in her hand.
I haven't decided which job to apply for.
I was very careful, but I caught a cold.
Bill is a regular fool.
Do the first example in your workbook.
We lifted the table with our combined strength.
We were financially troubled, in short, we were bankrupt.
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.
The vase burst into fragments.
What kind of sandwich do you want?
Enjoy life while you may.
Please take me across the river.
The gold coin was much more valuable than was supposed.
Each party shall consist of no less than fifteen people.
Does it also work without registration?
I'm going to go.
The smell of cut grass summons up images of hot summer afternoons.
The plane was delayed on account of bad weather.
The rain kept the fire from spreading.
Money cannot compensate for life.
As it began to rain, I ran into my house.
That pool really looks inviting.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
How did you come by such a large sum of money?
Our class consists of fifty boys.
It rained for three days on end.
The yen is weaker than the dollar.
Nancy was supposed to show up at the place, but she didn't make it.
It so happened that I had no money with me.
I thought as much.
I'm no match for him when it comes to playing the piano.
I managed to make myself understood in English.
Can you hike for days in the wilderness without seeing anyone?
The colors of the sea and the sky blend into one another.
We are facing a violent crisis.
When we borrow money, we must agree on the conditions.
This happened prior to receiving your letter.
You have to pay the price.
Tom's grandmother looks healthy.
The oil often spilled by tankers also adds to water pollution.
A rose smells sweet.
If you are to be successful, you are to do your best.
Nothing is as precious as love.
Written as it is in easy style, the book is for beginners.
Don't you move from here.
As you make your bed, you must lie on it.
Prolong the agony.
Bob is popular at school.
I saw a house in the distance.
Yeah, I'm going to take tomorrow off.
Air is a mixture of several gases.
It is abhorrent to me.
The party was held on May 22.
You will see a forest of masts in the harbor.
Let's get the party underway.
The nurse recommended that he try walking.
Bob met her grandfather early in the morning.
It looks like rain. We had better shut the windows.
I paid in a lump sum when I bought a television set.
It is high time you started a new business.
Penicillin has contributed much to the welfare of mankind.
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.
The doctor bent over the sick boy.
Watch your leader and act accordingly.
Rain formed pools in the hollow spaces on the rocks.
I haven't heard from him in several months.
It is good for nothing.
The number of guests is 20.
Tourism generated many new jobs.
Paul's success was a myth.
How can I become rich?
I don't like to speak in public.
Please don't forget to shut the door.
What are you reading?
What time does the train for New York depart?
You should not inflict any injury on others on any account.
May I have a bus route map?
You can't just do one thing at a time.
Television is ruining family life.
How dare you talk to me like that!
The witnesses were able to refute the false testimony of the suspect.
Give me a shot.
My life would be completely empty without you.
Make one more effort and you will reach the summit.
Most Europeans cannot tell a Japanese from a Chinese.
Were I rich, I would help the poor.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
The whole sky lit up and there was an explosion.
The rain had a good effect on the farm's crops.
Resignation is the first lesson of life.
How foolish!
I'll bet he'd have a fit if his students fell asleep.
You will soon get accustomed to living here.
It wasn't long before he came again.
Look at that building standing on the hill.
The dress does not make the fair.
Mary blamed Jack for leaving their children unattended.
My apathy for voting comes from my distaste for politics.
The bank reassured us that our money was safe.
Education is an investment in the future.
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.
Doraemon often smiles.
I don't want to be made a cat's paw.
Science as such is not interested in the value or worth of things.
Had he known the truth, he would have told me.
Tom was sent on an errand to the store.
Please push this button at once in case of emergency.
Having worked on the farm all day long, he was completely tired out.
Isn't that the most humane punishment for criminals?
Is it about ten million yen?
I had my car filled up at the service station at the corner.
The sea was running high.
Your watch is ten minutes slow.
I am glad to accept your invitation.
A gust of wind blew a shower of rain directly into my face.
There is only one book on the desk.
A couple of swallows are flying overhead.
Only you answered the question.
It'll cost at least five dollars.
A jack of all trades is a master of none.
What's the difference between lions and leopards?
How long is the ride?
Don't forget to ask after Mr Long's wife when you see him.
Mary is a girl full of sentiment.
They will be used for making people happy.
Money is not everything.
I noticed you entering my room.
Mariko speaks English excellently.
Gonzales offers a bike to all his employees in Europe.
Each country has its own customs.
Whatever story I tell, Mother believes me.
Running as fast as I could, I was able to catch up with my friend.
Tom speaks more slowly than Bill.
Report to the emergency room.
Rap is crap.
You should persist in your efforts to learn English.
As it is, I can do nothing.
The ocean melted into the sky on the horizon.
I groped for a flashlight.
Mike acted as chairperson of the meeting.
I want to study abroad, even if my parents are against it.
Unexpectedly the weather forecast came true yesterday.
I got sick.
I'll catch up with you soon.
There being no taxis, I had to walk.
He is, indeed, a man of his word.
I was caught in a shower on my way home.
It is no more than a mile to the sea.
At last, I graduated from junior high school.
Most people like watching TV.
Can you pick me up at the station?
To whom do we owe the discovery of penicillin?
It is not far to Paris.
It was not until I got home that I missed my watch.
The doctor told me that I would recover soon.
That's not a proper thing to say.
The paint hasn't dried yet.
It was something she did not want to put into words.
I reached the village before dark.
How can we buy British goods?
Seriously though, episode 21 made me almost cry while laughing.
The burglar broke into the post office in broad daylight.
You ought not to have done that.
If I were to live again, I would like to be a musician.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
I used to play with my sister in the park.
Perhaps you are right, I have been selfish.
Do you know when the first parliament came into being?
Anyhow, don't make me one.
If you find an interesting book, please buy it for me.
I'm just a boy who makes mistakes.
Are you taking any medicine regularly?
The picnic was called off because of the rain.
Maybe next time!
All were happy.
I usually play tennis.
I will inquire about the matter after I return home.
I just lost at the races so I'm flat broke.
I didn't know he drank so much.
But I'm not able to use the telephone.
The GOP accused the Democrats of pork barrel politics.
A mouse went for a walk on the table.
You can see the ancient ruins in the distance.
Please pack the disks and hard copies into the briefcase.
I am used to driving a truck.
Please make certain your seat belt is fastened.
I want a wife and children, and so I need a house.
Have you lost your sense to say so?
DNA is a complex chemical that makes up a gene.
We were caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
Out of sight out of mind. When you're separated you lose touch.
The hill slopes downward to the river.
We saw a castle in the distance.
I could not decide which way to choose.
Do you need an ambulance?
Where can I obtain a map of Europe?
Your mother has made you what you are.
It makes all the difference.
You may go home if you want to.
I'm not convinced at all.
Tracy had never used chopsticks before then.
There are a number of shops selling foreign books and periodicals.
Suppose we change the subject.
Whose book is on the desk?
How can I get to the station?
It would be better for you to read more books.
I would appreciate any information you can send to us.
You can talk about anything under the sun.
The baseball season opens before long.
You will have your own way.
No city in Europe is as populous as Tokyo.
The band played marvellously under the baton of a new conductor.
Please feel free to make a suggestion.
I'd like to go to the movies.
We elected Mr Jordan chairperson.
We are getting on first-rate.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
It was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son.
There wasn't a single vacant seat in the hall.
Please come back as soon as possible.
We'll resume the meeting after tea.
The rain set our plans back two weeks.
Why did they turn down your proposal?
However hard I try, I can never catch up with him.
Do you know what you're asking?
Mr Hunt is principal of our school.
I had mastitis before.
Those who learn English cannot do without English dictionaries.
Nobody else offered to help.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
We must have respect for tradition.
Each student received his diploma in turn.
The hen is hatching her chicks.
No money, no job, no friends. He was truly at loose ends.
I always think of him when I'm alone.
In an emergency you can fall back on your savings.
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.
My wife is preparing dinner right now.
We made the best of that bad situation.
Who is coming with me?
Have you heard from Freddie?
In spite of their various differences, Joan and Ann are friends.
The meeting broke up at five.
May God show us a better life!
Mr Brown belongs to the upper class.
Europe is a continent of energetic peoples.
If you are tired, go to bed.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.
Radio is a great invention.
Chuck me the ball.
By the way, do you play the violin?
If it had not been for the accident, we would have been in time.
It will cost at least 2000 yen to take a taxi.
Do you like playing volleyball?
You must not touch the paintings.
Nancy has been on good terms with my sister for more than five years.
You can study here.
If anything is sacred the human body is sacred.
Learning is one thing, and common sense another.
Something must be wrong with the machinery.
Tom swims very fast.
To begin with, we must tackle the problem.
He is very much a scholar.
Some of the students come to school by car.
Hello, how's business?
The debate over which consultant to use went on for hours.
Wherever you go, you'll find Japanese tourists.
You are quite a man.
Nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe.
There used to be a green field here; now there's a supermarket.
I agree with you to a degree.
Don't enter the room until I say "All right."
Your opinion is off the mark. That's plain to anyone.
Will you leave a message?
Tom speaks Spanish, and Betty speaks Spanish, too.
A boy was driving a flock of sheep.
Have you called her yet?
I bought the same shirt as yours.
I almost got a perfect score.
That way I kill two birds with one stone.
Don't keep bad company.
Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
There is a yellow rose.
I hope you enjoy your flight.
You ought to see a dentist.
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?
I found it easy when I gave it a try.
Never mind!
You should have been more careful with your health.
Compare the style of those three letters.
It is best left untouched.
It is almost three.
I picked up some French.
I'm beside myself with joy.
Brush off the dust from your shoes.
Don't walk so fast.
Where can I get my money exchanged?
You did wrong to refuse his help.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
Please give my best to the entire family.
Who is it? "It's your mother."
Mary hurried to the hospital.
Can his story be true?
I haven't decided yet, but I prefer flying to going by train.
Are you talking to me?
There's a rich man sleeping on a golden bed.
The dictionary on the desk is mine.
Mr White seems to have many friends.
Of course, I'm young, and politics is conducted by grown-ups.
Happy Halloween!
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
It is our custom to take off our shoes when we enter the house.
Even a small sound from the TV interferes with my concentration.
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
The radio gave a warning of bad weather.
The rocket was hardly up when it exploded.
I always read the sports page first.
You piss me off!
It has ceased raining.
Reporter: Did you buy her a kitten?
He slowly finished the race.
Don't waste time on trifles.
You needn't have gone to the trouble.
He seems to be afraid of being laughed at if he makes a mistake.
Work slowly, and you won't make mistakes.
The rain is raining all around.
I have her in my pocket.
Bureaucrats are testing the waters over revising old regulations.
We speak the same language, don't we?
Can you get by on your wages?
Garlic gives off a strong odor.
Can I do exercises?
No one ever saw such a thing.
Fred took a liking to Jane and started dating her.
I as well as you am to blame.
Anyone breaking the rules will be asked to leave on the spot.
Meg is curious to know everything about Japan.
Now that you are grown-up, it is up to you to decide what to do.
I'll be only too pleased to help you.
I live within walking distance of school.
I would like to talk with you again.
Hitler invaded Poland in 1939.
A curious disease struck the town.
Why is autumn called "fall" in America?
I feel cold. Would you shut the window, please?
We were not prepared for the assault.
The students are having a recess now.
Meg was the only girl that was wearing jeans.
The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
You must conform to the rules.
Are you just going to stand there all day?
Pat's going to Jim's birthday party.
We believe that you will be able to make a price concession.
It's fun to learn about foreign cultures.
You must hurry up, or you will miss the express.
The Dodgers were annihilated by the Giants.
I usually ride my bike to school. I mean to the office.
Do you have any questions?
We went to New York by plane.
I'm taking an exam in January.
The house was burned to the ground.
We found the stolen bag in this bush.
Can I bother you for something?
The orchestra makes discordant noises when tuning up.
Please be careful of your health.
Is there anything else you would like to eat?
The classroom has finally warmed up.
The mast broke and our ship went adrift.
The door won't open.
Dick talks as if he knew everything.
It depends what you mean by "believe" in God.
The society made him president.
In everyday life we have many obligations and responsibilities.
You must go to a foreign country for yourself.
Rome is an old city.
How can we abolish war?
Nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work.
Yes, I have seen one many times.
We got an interesting piece of information.
Would you mind my drinking another cup of coffee?
That's a very becoming hairstyle.
We hope to meet you again.
We came to an agreement in the end.
It has become quite autumnal.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Bill often plays with toys by himself.
I was almost run over by a car.
We have five English classes a week.
She was very brown after her holiday.
Correct the underlined words.
Please feel free to make suggestions.
Please come in and make yourself at home.
You are treading on her corns.
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
I'm going to give you a year's worth of allowance all at once.
The sun rose above the horizon in the distance.
I will get in touch with him as soon as possible.
That makes no sense at all.
We could get over the difficulty.
I don't like either of the boys.
Does that mean you won't come?
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?
Tom told us that he had a headache.
I persuaded him to give up the idea.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
The angle would be too narrow.
Napoleon was a man of authority.
It is not easy to speak naturally on the radio.
Peter was fed up with childish girls.
That wasn't my intention.
Send it by mail.
As a rule, I prefer a comedy to a tragedy.
By and by the moon appeared on the horizon.
If I happen to end up going abroad, I'd probably go for France.
English is something to be learned step by step.
Will you try to come?
Nancy was surprised that Bob won the first prize in the contest.
An arrow passed through the hawk.
Environmental problems call for quick action.
I want to put this on house charge.
You should brush your teeth at least twice a day.
The doctors tell you that he is brain-dead.
Space is full of mystery.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
I must go there irrespective of what you think.
It doesn't matter.
Please forgive me.
You should have refused such an unfair proposal.
I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.
We stayed at a hotel by the lake.
The association is still a far cry from being well organized.
Each child has an individual way of thinking.
Such painters as Picasso are rare.
No matter what happens, you must be here by nine.
We export various kinds of computers all over the globe.
The door was locked and we couldn't get in.
Put the cap back on the bottle in case the cat knocks it over.
If it were not for your advice, I would be at a loss.
I had my composition corrected by Mr Jones.
The doctor tried hard to save the wounded boy.
A castle stands a little way up the hill.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
The chimney began to give out smoke.
Prices are high these days.
Robert was so busy he had to turn down an invitation to play golf.
Wait for a while. I'll make you some.
Far from stopping, the storm became much more intense.
We must make the best we can of the few natural resources we have.
Have you ever heard of a poet by the name of Tom?
It is man's lot to suffer.
This is the bottom line.
There seems to be no need to go.
Keep sight of the flag.
I shall not change my mind, whatever happens.
Please excuse me for calling you by your first name.
I think I'm gonna go to sleep.
Such an accurate, lightning-quick reply. What can I say?
Deliver us from evil.
Mayuko always aims for perfection.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The boxer was hit on the chin and went down for the count.
We walked a lot.
Even after it was hit, the pole was still upright.
We should not despise a man because he is poor.
The wet vase left a mark on the table.
We ran on as far as the station.
I'd like to see a doctor.
The chairman is elected for a two year term.
You've turned up at the right moment.
I don't exist to you.
They had been dancing for an hour when there was a knock on the door.
It was named after Frankfurt, a German city.
I'm dying to see Kumiko.
Can I go home now?
The doors were locked and we couldn't get in anyhow.
English has become my favorite subject.
The doctor advised me to exercise more.
Were I you, I would ignore it.
Would you mind if I smoked?
Is it a recent picture?
If it had not been for his advice, I might have failed.
Make your bed.
It was a ship with a crew of 25 sailors.
I'll buy you a drink.
I lost my inspiration.
I saw at a glance that there was something the matter with my father.
I wish I were taller.
Where's the nearest drugstore?
We haven't decided where to take a rest.
Tom got a grip on his emotions.
Mary. That's my name.
He painted the door blue.
Can you possibly help me?
If something doesn't make sense, it probably isn't logical.
I feel something.
It is absolutely necessary that you be at the meeting.
In late summer and autumn one can see the leaves change colour.
It is an impossible accident.
The villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam.
You may take my word for it.
Excited girls look pretty sometimes.
Do you play tennis?
Make sure that you arrive at seven o'clock.
Whatever I do, she says I can do better.
What place did you see?
The Dow Jones average posted a gain of two points today.
They went to the beach.
It is getting dark outdoors.
An old man was at rest under the tree.
The flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green.
In his fantasy, he imagined he was a famous writer.
Let's try again.
Is your school far from your home?
I found that there was a little girl sobbing.
And the banquet sponsor tasted the water, which had turned into wine.
It's the fastest railroad in the world.
Hi! What's new?
I will show you a new approach to foreign language learning.
She wouldn't have married him if she had known him better.
The ball rolled across the lawn.
I want you to return it to me as soon as possible.
What's going on?
Tony took off his shirt and cleaned the piano with it.
Where did you get on this bus?
I will gladly help you.
Now that I'm a grownup, I think otherwise.
French is their mother tongue.
The burglar burst into his house.
A piano is expensive, but a car is more expensive.
I bumped into an old friend on the bus.
You must do as you are told to do.
That is a mere excuse for idleness.
Can I do anything for you?
If you're still hungry, have another hamburger.
You need to study harder.
What you say is quite different from what I heard from him.
The popularity of a web site depends on its content.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
He is equal to the task.
Charlie decided to cross out the last word.
Are you in favor of the plan or not?
If you come this way by any chance, drop in to see me.
It happened that her husband was a dentist.
The cheap prices tempted me to buy things I didn't need.
It is cold outdoors. Put on your coat.
Why didn't you bring your wife to the party?
On leaving school, he went to Africa.
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.
Immigrants streamed into the land.
We know that just being born with a good mind is not enough.
All the apple trees were cut down.
I prefer to look for a solution to problems, not only to report them.
Bids were solicited for the building of the bridge.
The dancers really came to life during the Latin numbers.
One swallow does not make a summer.
On arriving at the station, I called a friend of mine.
A car lying on its side blocked the passage.
Your summary is not up to par.
My head still felt giddy.
If anybody calls, get his number.
The queen stood beside the king.
Check, please.
It's not my fault!
We went to the park, and we played there.
What's the weight of your suitcase?
How about playing tennis?
I cannot agree with you as regards that.
Thank you for coming all the way to see me off.
The driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
The revolution has brought about many changes.
Why leave me standing here?
Tom and John are good friends.
A tall tree projects its long shadow on the water.
You must be here till five.
Nancy is a hard girl for me to deal with.
What are you doing?
Have you ever been to Mexico?
There is a shopping area nearby.
I will help you all I can.
Everybody came to the class on time.
We hope to lower the tariff.
You'd better go by bus.
What account can you give of your misbehavior?
Our school begins at eight.
Bill is nervous about the exam.
The air felt a little cold.
It was sheer coincidence that Mary and I were on the same train.
Though it was cold, he didn't light the fire.
How can you be so calm?
What are some other nabemono?
As soon as he got home, he began to play a computer game.
What are you going to wear to the party?
We are expecting an addition to our family.
She greeted me with a pleasant smile.
If you can't lift your backpack, then you can't carry it!
How high is it?
Tom has less money than his brother does.
Betty arrived the latest.
It's almost time to go to bed.
Is there a cat under the table?
It's midnight already.
It won't be long before he realizes the mistake.
Run as fast as you can.
Who teaches you French?
I will have to fire you if you come late so often.
The lifeguard is ever ready to help others.
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.
Hi, I'm Taro Kawaguchi.
It was a parade with a capital P.
There used to be big trees around my house.
Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
It's never too late to make amends.
The audience was excited at the game.
He told me to wash my face.
Don't bother to come to my house.
I fear we are too late.
His health has broken down because of overwork.
Give us the tools, and we'll finish the job.
We are all eager for him to win the Nobel prize.
It isn't new.
Let's turn and go back now.
Would you mind if I smoke?
You tried.
Your prophecy has come true.
But I have an appointment with my client tomorrow.
We waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed.
Let your food cool off a bit; don't eat it while it's hot.
The Devil may come.
You should not have lent the money to such a person.
The company was in the red and went under.
I intended to visit Rome last year.
It was not long before he was appointed professor.
At last she got a job as a stewardess.
The homeless people were annoyed by the flies and mosquitoes.
I will find you a good doctor.
You should apply for that post.
The pitiful sight moved us to tears.
I fall asleep easily while watching television.
It's almost time for the guest to arrive.
How hot it is!
Keep in mind that there's no royal road to anything.
The rain changed to snow.
You had better tell me the whole story.
A ball flew in through the window.
How did you obtain this painting?
It would be better to leave it unsaid.
He is lively during recess.
It's raining, but I would like to go out.
It was very exciting! I'd like to go again.
The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver.
His wet coat was evidence that he had been outside.
You should have introduced yourself to the girl.
Tom seems to be preparing for tomorrow's lessons.
At first, I couldn't figure out what he was saying.
Bright ideas never occur to me.
Go ahead. Your party is on the line.
Education starts at home.
You may as well prepare for your examination.
It is little short of lunacy to try it.
Looks like I might have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
May Day is also a festival day for the workers in the world.
The lack of modern post facilities caused trouble for many shippers.
Can you put it down on the table?
They have never been heard of since.
Eat and drink.
There is a fence about the house.
I'll do all I can.
I'd like to take my jacket off, please; it's too hot.
I've been to the bank.
I'm free.
If it were not for the computer, how inconvenient our lives would be!
Tom has grown in strength.
I wonder if I am made for this world.
Owing to bad weather, I didn't go.
The doctor advised me to take a long holiday.
I just wanna nose around a bit.
The student left without saying anything.
The best thing is to telephone her.
That will contribute to society.
Tom drove the car.
Since it's cold outside, you'd better put your overcoat on.
The meeting was held here.
Having been wrongly addressed, the letter never reached him.
Nowadays children do not play outdoors.
To my surprise, there were no people in the village.
There's nothing I can do.
TV plays an important part in everyday life.
Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.
It may rain.
Make room for the baggage.
We wonder why.
Your success depends upon whether you work hard or not.
It is impossible to substitute machines for people themselves.
Betty challenged me to a game of tennis.
Even the worthy Homer sometimes nods.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
It's about time you stopped watching television.
The first month of the year is January.
Where will we eat?
We give foreign tourists the privilege of tax exemption.
The Browns were all kind to me.
Make yourselves comfortable.
It's brand new.
Thank God it's Friday!
Either of them is satisfactory to me.
There is yet time.
Yoshio helped me lift the box up.
The tape is rolling.
Where are you going to go on your vacation?
It was a breathtakingly close game.
That's nothing but a figure of speech.
Tony could see a river and an old bridge.
Nobody has come up yet.
Where are you headed for?
Fill in the blanks.
A very bright idea came to my mind.
The rain's letting up soon.
Give me another cup of tea.
I am ready to go with you.
You were taken in by her.
Nancy greeted me with a nod from across the street.
How many days will you remain in London?
Especially remarkable was her oval face.
It goes without saying that diligence is the key to success.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
How persistent you are!
I swim once a week.
It was told me under pledge of secrecy.
Bad weather prevented us from starting.
What with the rain and a bad hotel, we didn't enjoy our holiday much.
Tom got first prize, didn't he?
Benefits of course should exceed the costs.
We took cover from the thunder shower.
He was laid off until there was more work to do.
Could we have a table outside?
Painters such as Picasso are rare.
Nuclear weapons may bring about the annihilation of man.
I talked to friends.
If the car is gone, he can't be at the office.
It will threaten the prosperity of the town.
That is my own affair.
Some hospitals hand out free samples of baby milk.
Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener.
The honor is more than I deserve.
Mary can dance well.
Let's hurry so that we can catch the bus.
Don't touch the flowers.
There is no need for us to hurry.
My pet dog was seriously ill.
Please turn over.
Not only you but I also was to blame.
In any case, it's no business of yours.
Please make the bed.
They are made in a variety of sizes.
I can't stretch my right arm.
It is silly of you to neglect your studies.
Silence grows like cancer.
How can I forget those days?
Mary was given a raise by her employer.
It became dark before I knew it.
On the whole, the older a man grows, the more conservative he becomes.
You had best follow the doctor's advice.
Mr Baker is not so much a teacher as a scholar.
Your English leaves nothing to be desired.
Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
The fighter toughened up for the bout.
This is a great moment.
Lucy turned on the light switch.
How did he come here?
The educational system is in transition.
So we are saving up in order to buy them.
There are a lot of sights in Kyoto.
I saw some monkeys climbing the tree.
It is amazing that you won the prize.
Seen against the sky, the mountain looked really beautiful.
It's a pity we didn't visit Tom when we had the chance.
Where did you procure the information?
It won't be long before he returns home.
Even though she rushed, the elderly woman missed the last train.
The house looked good; moreover, the price was right.
What sport do you like best?
Rome is famous for its ancient architecture.
The rain penetrated my raincoat.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty, and all the more, his life.
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.
May I see the wine list?
The king imposed heavy taxes on his people.
You shouldn't do things by halves.
I cannot agree with you on this point.
It is wrong to tell a lie.
Can you give me a ride to the station?
The company abandoned that project.
Don't worry about me.
What you did is against the rules.
It will not be long before the sun rises.
Mike is the brightest student in class.
Our car was fast and soon got ahead of the other cars.
The professor treated her as one of his students.
The chairman put forward an important plan at the meeting.
Round the corner came a large truck.
Indeed he is young, but he is well experienced for his age.
He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning.
You look as healthy as ever.
I've lost my filling.
If you're not careful you'll miss a traffic sign!
It's not easy to part with one's favorite possessions.
We found that we had lost our way.
Marie told me that she enjoyed the drive.
The other girls are jealous of Lily because she is extremely pretty.
I was roaming over the mountains all through the night.
Will you make an appointment with Mr Ito?
I will try it again.
When I retire, I'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country.
Cranes are big beautiful birds.
It's too late, anyhow.
Wipe the sweat from your brow.
It won't get anywhere.
The alternative possibilities were resistance and flight.
The desk is covered with dust.
In the film, the director makes Hamlet an active person.
All the members of the committee hate one another.
I've caught a terrible cold.
You must have a lot of patience to learn foreign languages.
Bill is a baseball player.
Move a step, and you'll be a dead man!
We must be kind to the elderly.
Could you do me a favour please?
Biotechnology will bring about a revolution in agriculture.
The known must be separated from the unknown.
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.
Dust had accumulated on the desk.
Keep your classroom clean.
The doctor's remarks reassured the patient.
If something happens, feel free to call me.
The file cabinet drawers are open.
Meg must carry on her studies.
I'm very tired. I don't feel like taking a walk now.
Nobody could give the correct answer.
We'll leave as soon as you are ready.
It is impossible to master English in a year or so.
No work can be done with ease.
Since you look tired, you had better take a rest.
I have to get out once in a while.
I sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness.
Mike could not keep up with his class.
You shouldn't count on others for help.
I was half asleep when I went home.
I'm dripping with sweat.
No problem at all!
We'd better go home now.
Is it made of wood or metal?
It's easier to have fun than to work.
Tom broke the window pane.
You should have been more careful.
I really feel for you.
Would you please do me a favor?
The manager has put him back in the major league.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
Give me something to write with.
The condition of the patient turned for the better.
What shall I do with it?
We can accommodate him for the night.
Give medicine to the patient right away.
More and more people are moving to urban areas.
Let's not talk about it any more.
Don't beat around the bush; tell me who is to blame.
It can be used as a knife.
Please get a lot of pencils.
Some satellites have exploded or collided.
As regards the expense involved, it is of no concern to me.
Who will fill in for Tom when he is away?
He doesn't care, provided he has enough to eat and drink.
Words failed me at the last minute.
You must employ your capital well.
What do you think you're doing?
Please don't forget to post the letter.
I like English best of all subjects.
Hold on a second, I'll be right back. Don't hang up!
I put it in the drawer.
Helen jumped in fright at the strange sound.
It all came to nothing.
I need to ask you a silly question.
You should take the shuttle bus.
We were late for school because it rained heavily.
We're going out for a meal on Friday.
The boxer had to lose weight for the title match.
You may go anywhere.
Father is the heaviest of my family.
It's no crime to skip breakfast once in a while.
You must make an effort to get along with everyone.
As a rule, twins have a lot in common.
What ever can that be?
Mary is a better swimmer than Jane.
Please will you close the door when you go out.
The price of the stock declined by half in a month.
How do I fix the volume?
Give me a drink, please.
Let's play tennis. "Yes let's."
You should take better care of yourself.
Can I get you something to drink?
You should on no condition touch these instruments.
Brian barely has enough money so he consulted his parents.
I'll fix a drink.
You must study much harder.
There were plenty of guests in the hall.
To my surprise, the door was unlocked.
I absented myself from the meeting.
Our experiment has revealed that his report was inaccurate.
Let's get it over with.
I went to the airport by taxi.
Oh, have a heart.
Beethoven was a great musician.
In any case, I won't change my mind.
Without a doubt!
When I came home, my mother was standing by the door in tears.
Tom likes to play baseball.
The Romans worshiped their goddess, Juno.
Strange to say, the figure went out of sight suddenly.
I'm adamant that you should go.
The school is only five minutes' walk from here.
I think it necessary for you to study harder.
I'm looking forward to seeing you one of these days.
It's a waste of time.
Since it rained, we did not go on a picnic.
Brian came to Kate, with his hair wet.
It is good to have ideals... don't you think?
Have you finished your homework yet?
We made a contract with the firm.
How dare you say that!
The swing is moving up and down.
At last, we reached our destination.
We have no salad in the bowl.
That is, Father is two years older than Mother.
To my joy, my daughter passed the examination.
Bob complained to his friend.
If you want a pen, I will lend you one.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in London.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
The rain fell even harder.
She lives just outside Wripple, which is near Deal.
We spent the afternoon fooling around on the beach.
I tried to tell you.
Let's split it.
I've come to talk with you again.
I need something to write with.
Why would you marry a woman if you like men?
If you're going to the beach, count me in.
I would rather divorce him.
Tom dares not tell Mrs. White the truth.
The lemon is a sour fruit.
Show me the doll that you bought yesterday.
Tom is older than I.
I have a connecting flight on UA 111.
The rain was driving in our faces.
Begin with such books as you can easily understand.
This knife was very useful to me.
Have you read this book yet?
I felt cold and uneasy all night.
Will you please turn down the radio?
Some boys play tennis and others play soccer.
What an ambiguous expression!
Tell me the object of your plan.
Wearing glasses should correct your vision.
It will not be long before our food runs out.
It's threatening to rain.
We will miss you badly.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
The truck scraped along the wall in the narrow road.
Mr. Mitsubishi is drinking at home to save his drinking money.
How in the world did you do such a thing?
I'll see him again.
Are you in a hurry?
You dropped your pencil.
Nancy is more shy than reserved.
Byron left England, never to return.
To be perfect she lacked just one defect.
We must control our passions.
It so happened that he was absent from school that day.
It was so cold that we made a fire.
No one can separate them.
What time is dinner?
You don't have to cry out. I can hear you.
We must beef up our organization.
All aboard!
Once more, please.
At the foot of the hill is a beautiful lake.
Let's take a short cut.
You should pay more attention to his warnings.
I'll drop in on you sometime in the near future.
How often do you feed the fish?
The dessert was made with whipped cream.
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
Well, I loved it.
It's the animal in me that wants it.
If you had been more careful, you would not have met with an accident.
We happened to see a truck run into the guard-rail.
This dish is terrific.
I arrived here just now.
Don't run down the stairs so noisily.
The boom has peaked out.
To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand.
What factor contributed to the reaction?
There is nothing like a glass of beer after a whole day's work.
Can you share food with others in the face of famine?
It was a revelation to me.
In the end, he also faltered in the face of great adversity.
Hard work is the price of success.
McDonald's is world-famous for its hamburgers.
The king subjected all the tribes to his rule.
There is no time to be lost.
The rain is coming down in earnest.
You need only ask him to pay the debt.
English is not difficult to learn.
As long as you're here, I'll stay.
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.
Strange as it is, the story is true.
Except for Tom, the family was all watching TV in silence.
How high can you jump?
May I offer you a drink?
What a good shot!
Your method is different from mine.
Come and see me once in a while.
Hello, John! How are you?
I've been going out with her for months.
Please let me in.
You should pay more attention to what he says.
A student spends a lot of time studying.
I didn't mean to give you that impression.
This is such a sad story.
Perhaps it will snow tomorrow.
What on earth are you doing?
Bring it here.
Would you be so kind as to post my letter?
Bob is very timid and blushes when chatting with girls.
Now you are a big boy, behave yourself.
Relax, and above all, don't panic.
Don't talk like that.
Smoking does you harm.
That's reversing the logical order of things.
The meeting lasted until 5.
I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.
Half of the students are absent.
It overflows into a paper cup.
It is better to stay in than go out.
Well, I have to be going.
The more you study, the more you discover your ignorance.
Is it anything like mine?
I'm dying of thirst.
We tend to forget that exercise is a key to good health.
I may have seen that film before, but I can hardly remember it.
The rich are not always happier than the poor.
You sure gab a lot don't you? You're a natural born talker.
It's a good paper, apart from a few spelling mistakes.
The sky brightened.
What do you want now?
Take care when you climb up the ladder.
I know one of them but not the other.
We had better utilize our natural resources.
There is no fire without smoke.
We're going to pull it.
The door is locked at nine every night.
What are you working for?
No medicine can cure this disease.
On your feet, children!
Looking up from the bed, he thanked me for helping him.
He met his friend while bathing in the sea.
English people rarely talk to strangers in the train.
I made the best of my small room.
Even if you are not to blame, you should apologize.
Are you crazy?
Many people were waiting in line.
You must see a doctor.
We gained the top of Mt. Fuji at last.
Kyoko went away, humming a song.
I can't abide hearing you cry so bitterly.
Let me help you, if necessary.
Can I borrow your scissors?
Your shoes do not go with the suit.
English is not spoken here.
I searched high and low for my lighter but couldn't find it.
What do you do?
I noticed, among other things, that he was drunk.
I go to a driving school.
Tell me what you want.
We students all like baseball.
Smoking is a bad habit.
I have already eaten lunch.
You did not need to come so early.
Let's inquire about our hotel reservations.
We selected the chairman by a vote.
Don't cut your classes so often.
The Beatles consisted of four musicians.
Have patience for another day or two.
The rain began to turn into snow.
Want a drink?
We saw another ship far ahead.
Somebody must care for the patient.
Wine is made from grapes.
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
Give me a definite answer.
Several bridges have been damaged or swept away.
Here's your pudding.
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?
You're to do your homework before you watch TV.
And he calls himself a sailor.
If you go anywhere, you had better tell your mother first.
I like music, and I listen to it every day.
You may stay here as long as you like.
The time is yet to come.
I'm going to take a bath.
The waiter brought a new plate.
How long will it take me to walk to the station?
We are liable to err.
It's certainly a waste of time.
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.
Life starts when you decide what you are expecting from it.
You can't fool me with your honeyed words.
It is clear what must be done.
You needn't have hurried to the airport.
Air is a mixture of gases that we cannot see.
Don't forget the ticket.
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.
How long are you going to stay?
Any book will do.
We are looking forward to hearing from you.
A door must be either shut or open.
The telephone was being used at the moment.
Rome was not built in a day.
Why do many people like John Lennon so much?
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
He was worn out after hours of work.
Being a teacher, you must learn to keep a tight rein on your emotions.
Now that you are a big boy, you may do as you please.
Only a handful of activists in our union are articulate.
Betty can play the piano.
Look at the book on the desk.
Don't enter the room without leave.
Let's get you fixed up with a drink.
A loaf of bread is better than the songs of birds.
Everybody was jealous of my success.
It was about twenty dollars.
The committee got down to business after coffee.
He has been to India.
I see a surge in loan growth.
I'll take him.
I finally contacted him by phone.
What happened to the girl you were sharing the bedroom with?
Paul is so pleasant a person that everybody likes him at once.
I have no time to engage in gossip.
Something was stirring in the dark.
The party reached the mountaintop yesterday.
Almost no one goes to the same classes.
A button has come off my raincoat.
What has brought you here so early?
Sometimes hockey players get so competitive that fights break out.
Whatever you do, carry it through.
We invited him to the party, but he did not show up.
You are always watching TV.
The company rejected his request for a transfer.
Throw away the chairs whose legs are broken.
The station is a little way off.
Are you enjoying it?
I don't mind even if she doesn't come.
Why should you be so sad?
He observed that we should probably have rain coming.
These letters reveal her to be an honest lady.
On what account?
We need a tool to open it with.
The pilot made a perfect three-point landing.
Football is an old game.
You should look after the children from time to time.
There was a fire in this city last night.
I am tied to my desk and chair.
They waved good-bye to their parents as the train pulled out.
Chew your food well so it can be digested properly.
We thought much of his first novel.
I exempted her from working overtime.
If you add lemon, it will become sour.
Give me any books you have on the subject.
We hoped to have done with the work before the holidays.
What time will the band start playing?
Most of the dogs are alive.
How come you made such a mistake?
You are the great love of my life.
If you had missed that bus, you might not be here now.
Thousands of spectators got very excited.
In England, Labor Day is in May.
A cat ran across the street.
What is the best way to learn English?
The champion had the challengers at his mercy.
I think there's a mistake in my bill.
The strong wind died away at night.
The restaurant billed me 250,000 yen for the party.
How do you say that in Italian?
You are old enough to understand this.
The coast was warned against a tsunami.
Tom doesn't run as fast as Bill.
Tulips are in full bloom now.
Margaret is called Meg for short.
This carpet is one of the most beautiful.
We should check the spread of the disease.
We are having fish for our main course.
I wish I were a little taller.
You should know better.
Milk is a good beverage.
We defeated the enemy.
Down went the bus over the cliff.
You're sick. You have to rest.
I've had it with him.
I got there in time for the train.
If a burglar came into my room, I would throw something at him.
I am beginning to understand.
I want you to take back what you said just now.
What you've just told me chimes in with what I heard yesterday.
Three hours is too short for us to discuss that matter.
Lilies smell sweet.
Fish, please.
It is worth noting that Lander made the necessary modifications.
Ben put his hands in his pockets.
How nice to be in Hawaii again!
There was a minute difference between them.
You have no need to hurry.
Effectively dealing with competition is an important part of life.
How about going to see a movie with me?
Will you send it by mail?
On the table there was a cat.
Nancy couldn't move the desk herself.
What number is the downtown train?
What turned her against you?
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
For some reason or another she shook her head.
Every now and then they went shopping together.
It's OK now. Don't worry. You can depend on me one hundred percent.
Bridges are burning and chances are few.
Mayuko came up with him.
The bus is behind time.
You may be right, but I am against your opinion.
Somebody has let you down again.
I took it that you would come.
When should we check out?
Tom works more diligently now.
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.
Are you a senior high school student?
A form appeared in the darkness.
Either of the students may fail the exam.
Just a word can do harm to a person.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji?
Generally speaking, men are stronger than women.
It was not until last summer that my oldest son learned to swim.
The committee is discussing social welfare.
Make haste, or you will be late.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
Mr Young has no less than six cars.
They heard a gun go off in the distance.
What does it mean to have an educated mind in the 21st century?
Why is it called "loon"?
Pus is coming out of my right ear.
It is a great pity that he died so young.
Advance in science is continuous.
Bad cold is prevailing throughout the country.
I've just let slip that he is sick.
Thank you for your present.
How long does it take to your office from the airport?
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.
A penny for your thoughts.
I intended to become a doctor.
As science makes progress, old ways give place to new.
My time in school will be one of my happiest memories.
If it should rain, he will not come.
He is second to none when it comes to debating.
But while I am here, do you think you could replace the batteries?
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a week or so.
We should not put restrictions on foreign trade.
I'll buy that old clock, however expensive it is.
Bill was too young to take the post.
He cut himself free with his knife.
Make sure that all of you arrive at nine.
A customs declaration is required.
The world is a den of crazies.
Some think it is a bad idea.
When I arrived at the station, the train was just about to leave.
You must adapt to a variety of conditions.
Are you going to visit any other countries?
Could I have another glass of beer?
May I have your attention, please?
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
Everyone has a character of his own.
I wish that I could give you something.
We defeated various enemies.
Why do you want to be a nurse?
Let's stay somewhere with easy airport access.
If you are free, give me a hand.
You must be more polite.
Where do I get an airport bus?
You have put everything out of order.
If he sends me any letters, I just tear them up and throw them away.
I'm sorry.
We are not hypocrites in our sleep.
What prevented him from coming?
The spirit of patriotism has its source in the love of the family.
Aren't you being very rude?
Gravity acts on everything in the universe.
I'm feeling fit.
Many great men went through hardship during their youth.
If Bob had taken my advice, everything would be all right now.
Some stores discount the price.
I need to find out exactly what went wrong.
Diligence led him to success.
The champion was welcomed by large crowds.
I can't resist sweet things.
Wherever you go, you will find the same kind of people.
England is a great nation.
All the members were present.
A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him round.
Your behavior is in conflict with your principles.
The walls have ears.
There was not a cloud in the sky.
I have a touch of diarrhea.
The rain continued all day.
Turn to the right, and you'll find the hotel.
Nobody knows where Bill has gone.
How come you call on us so late at night?
Everybody blames me for my careless mistake.
I count on Tom.
If the machine is damaged, you are responsible.
I'd rather have a room of my own, however small it may be.
Mary and Jane are cousins.
Some people keep rare animals as pets.
It matters very little what college you graduated from.
Mary is going to have a baby next month.
I'd like to master English.
It was not long before Mr Yamazaki recovered.
The legs of the table are shaky.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
By and by the party ended and everyone went home.
The volunteer group provides war victims with food and medicine.
The door is open. I'll go and shut it.
Smoking is a danger to your health.
We went early to make certain that we could get seats.
It was so hot that she felt like eating ice cream.
I would rather go out than stay at home.
The swallow is swift in flight.
It is quite a grand view.
Hard use has worn this bag.
I have a good mind to strike you for being so rude.
How much money do you want?
Our family budget is in the red.
PTAs in various places are discussing school regulations.
Somebody is playing the piano.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will be fine tomorrow.
Having been written in a hurry, this letter has many mistakes in it.
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.
The tea leaves all point to a merger, if you ask me.
Let's turn back.
I saw a dirty dog coming into the garden.
Your work has greatly improved.
Would you lend me your knife?
The countries concerned settled the dispute by peaceful means.
Linda was called back from college by her father's sudden illness.
The line is engaged.
Swimming in the sea is great fun.
The elevators in a skyscraper are vital systems.
How did you spend your vacation?
One has to do one's best in anything.
From the look of the sky I'm afraid the rain won't let up for a while.
We found out a secret door behind the curtain.
You owe me an apology for that.
What's your major?
The girl rowing a boat is my cousin.
Allow me to introduce Mr Kato to you.
The moment she was alone she opened the letter.
If I had left a little earlier, I would have caught the last train.
The ayu season has opened.
Why were you absent from school yesterday?
Mr Long and Mr Smith spoke to each other.
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.
I talked my boyfriend into buying me a ring.
We were all assailed with fears.
Smoking is bad for your health.
Who teaches you English conversation?
Most scientists think little of his finding.
There was a rapid decline in stock prices.
Can you make out the meaning easily?
I expect you to be punctual.
Sweat is dripping from his face.
I like this better than that.
Tom was asked to appear on television.
It was nothing.
Which one will be our final resting place?
I bet Dave paid a pretty penny for his new car.
A lot of treasure was brought over to this country.
I was given training in that school.
It looked as if we were on the eve of a revolution.
The picture is hung crooked.
We all held our breath while we watched it.
Would you do me a favor?
Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.
Nancy is having a chat with her friends.
Mary's dream of going abroad finally became a reality.
Kaishuu made nothing of hardship.
English is a kind of universal language.
Several houses were carried away by the great flood.
I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
Let's take it easy.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
No one had the heart to say he was wrong.
Nothing is beautiful but the truth.
The bus stopped sharply.
It is likely to rain again.
Being only a student, I can't afford to get married.
Don't keep company with such a bad boy.
Making money is his religion.
The scene from the hotel was very beautiful.
We will adopt your method at our school.
Who cares?
Tom was a witness to the accident.
Why didn't modern technology develop in China?
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
What led you to believe it?
I understand it's going to get hot again.
It is difficult to understand why you want to go.
No matter which you make, you will be satisfied with it.
There used to be a coffee shop near the park.
Bob operates an elevator in the department store.
I seem to have caught a cold.
I got several bites, but could not hook a fish.
Prove it by experiment.
The doctor cured him of his illness.
Well, I'll be happy to loan you the money.
Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.
His face is distorted by pain.
We had to call off the baseball game because of the rain.
Tony was not busy then.
Youth comes but once in life.
Fancy forgetting my glasses, it's so embarrassing.
A mirror reflects light.
The most expensive thing is land.
Tom is taller than I.
Do you have any light beer?
I began living by myself.
The strong yen was a fatal blow to the company.
I got there just in time.
I often talk to him on the bus.
You should advocate disarmament.
I arrived at Narita the day before yesterday.
Teaching English is his profession.
Take hold of the rope, and I'll pull you up.
Your question is not relevant to the subject.
I'm very happy you'll be visiting Tokyo next month.
They were to have got married in May.
You have to share the cake equally.
Mr White was the manager of a hotel in Springfield.
The bridge was washed away by the flood.
It was like watching a slow motion movie.
Ned comes from the state of Utah.
It was raining and the game was called off.
What on earth are you talking about?
Look at the cute little baby sleeping in the cradle.
The chances are that the boss will send you to California.
Great people are not always wise.
What was stolen?
Let a porter carry your baggage.
Never go across the street without looking for cars first.
Tony looked down at his dirty old shoes.
Nick owes me ten dollars.
All but Tom were present.
The wind blew in gusts.
Please enter now.
Please show me the TV Guide.
For how many nights?
Was Ms. Kato your teacher last year?
You will come to like this kind of music.
Meros is anything but a liar.
Any amount of money will be welcome.
If it rains tomorrow, will you stay at home?
We saw the gleam of a distant lighthouse.
Another step, and you will fall down the precipice.
There is one thing that is certain.
There is no room for doubt.
Is there anything else you want me to do?
I don't blame you.
Work hard, or you will fail.
If I were to be born again, I would be a musician.
Barry Taylor's name has been put forward for the post of chairman.
The waist is a little small.
We went on talking about the matter.
Try to improve your English.
But I don't think the pool is open this weekend.
Can other people catch it?
I don't feel well.
Would you give me something cold to drink?
Don't worry about such a silly thing.
We carried out our mission successfully.
Where do you think I met her?
Having nothing to do, he went downtown.
I have not yet learned whether he reached there or not.
Bill can run fastest in his class.
I fell asleep while listening to the radio.
The meeting was arranged for next Sunday.
The rise and fall of the sea is governed by the moon.
That's easy for you to say.
Please remember to mail the letters.
I managed to get there in time.
The rocket was launched into space.
The English are the heirs of freedom.
The town will change in another ten years.
Now stop crying.
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.
Two and three halves to London, please.
It won't be long before we can travel to Mars.
Mayuko's dream came true.
You may come if you like.
I ran into an old friend.
Dean can really put away the food.
My old friend dropped in at my house.
Suppose that we miss the last train, what should we do?
Most people judge men only by their success or their good fortune.
No man can be a patriot on an empty stomach.
I haven't slept well recently.
There is a bank in front of the station.
We must get over many difficulties.
Just then she was called to the phone.
It would rain just when I wanted to go out.
Tom works as hard as any boy in the class.
You can't speak English, can you?
Your problem is similar to mine.
His courage was celebrated in all the newspapers.
That's powdered medicine.
When it comes to tennis, she is second to none.
He is something of a scholar.
The headline caught my eye this morning.
A policeman ran past.
We beamed the message to the world.
That's a layman's idea.
By the way, what do you do?
Her eyes have sunk through overwork.
It was careless of you to miss the bus.
Fred often comes late for class.
I found, to my surprise, that she was dead.
The side of the house was covered with ivy.
That is not what I meant to say.
Don't go too far afield.
Activists are stepping up their protest drive.
There's quite a lot of things to do; do you want some help?
I am weak in German.
Altogether, things are going well.
I was angry about missing that film at the cinema.
He came in just as I was going out.
At length, we reached the top of the mountain.
Do your work in your own way.
Would you be kind enough to explain it to me?
Can you distinguish silver from tin?
Where do you come from?
He worked hard.
I love this book above all.
It happened that he was ill.
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can't see it.
Such a trivial thing is out of the question.
I am incomplete.
We shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination.
Whatever language you study, you cannot do without a dictionary.
There is a bookstore just around the corner.
Summers are very hot in Kyoto.
At last she gave way to him and broke a secret.
Four families were killed in the fire.
The discussion produced a great deal of noise, but no forward motion.
It is an index of her character.
Are my socks dry already?
Choose such friends as will benefit you, they say.
Be sure to call home before you leave the office.
Omit needless words!
At last, my turn came.
There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry.
The King was assaulted by terrorists.
Accept a person's love.
The flowers withered up.
The bill amounts to five thousand yen.
He was angry at the suggestion that he was dishonest.
That's what I expected of my daughter.
Air is indispensable to life.
What makes you think that way?
Someone seems to be calling me.
I don't think that technology provides us with everything we need.
How I've missed you!
I'm dying for frozen yogurt.
In the end, the diligent person succeeds.
Your dress is unsuitable for the occasion.
Personal computers are of great use.
I thought you were raised in L.A.
Until next weekend, if that's OK.
Tell me why you have told on me to the teacher.
Martin Luther King, Jr., was the son of a black minister.
Linda is sixteen, but had no trouble passing for twenty.
My right foot is sleeping.
Since it rained, I did not go.
It was the triumph of civilization over force.
How did she tell them?
Can I take your picture with us?
I cannot dance one single step of Salsa.
Ben also has something to do with the matter.
As the door slid open, he almost fell onto the platform.
It's not just Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
She had changed so much that I couldn't recognize her.
It happened that we met at the station.
We would move to a bigger house if we had more money.
You may go wherever you like.
What a tall boy Tony is!
It will not be long before I come back.
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
When the door slammed unexpectedly, it startled me.
The length of a day or a year varies but little.
Urgent business prevented him from coming.
He is still on his back.
Fabre wrote books about insects.
Rocks and minerals are useful for us in many ways.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
We are faced with the alternative of resistance or slavery.
You are very trying to me sometimes.
The garden was destroyed after the rain.
I would rather you had a day off.
It made my hair stand on end.
At last he could finish the work.
It's a word I'd like to find a substitute for.
Mary hit on a marvelous idea.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
Do as you like.
Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday.
She came back just as I was leaving.
Suddenly Jim pulled the car up in front of the bank.
I know how to make beef stroganoff.
I am looking for my glasses.
Waiter, please give me a cup of tea.
Nuclear weapons will bring about nothing but the ruin of mankind.
Bob is accustomed to hard work.
Get me the scissors, please.
The king ruled his kingdom justly.
The house is on fire.
Cut that out. You're just rubbing salt in the poor guy's wounds.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept.
The engine has broken down again.
I can't approve of your going out with him.
Even if the performance is good, I still say we drop the project.
Even though I was right, he got the best of me.
You must do your homework at once.
Yuriko arranges flowers in her spare time.
Patty finished writing to her friends in Canada.
We spoke to no purpose.
A lot of policemen guarded the hall.
What a good dancer Aoi is!
Please don't take my mind off the work.
Can you find your way home?
I cannot approve of your going out with him.
It is reported in the local news.
She is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Who taught you how to dance?
The students are making good progress in English.
Listen carefully, or you'll miss what he says.
There is a hut below the bridge.
I'd better get going. My father is really strict.
Mr Balboa is so well known as to need no introduction.
Get out of bed!
His explanation that a solution would take time didn't satisfy anyone.
I see the tower from my house.
How many hours does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
The full story was yet to be told.
As for the accusations of heresy, here the evidence is much weaker.
I'm beat. I've been working from dawn to dusk.
I think that you ought to apologize to her.
We can have dogs, cats, birds, and so on.
But we're just on our way home.
In case of fire, you should dial 119.
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.
Chess is a highly intellectual game.
The meeting began at five in the afternoon.
Sometimes he has difficulty being articulate about his views.
Our party finally had a candidate we could put forward with pride.
You had better see the doctor.
That goes against my beliefs.
Bob is my friend.
Yes, I'm afraid so.
Some learned to play musical instruments.
Your composition is very good, and it has few mistakes.
There is no knowing what will happen.
Where was Tony playing then?
It is true the boy is mischievous, but he is kind at heart.
We had to walk the last leg of the journey.
I like to play tennis.
It has nothing to do with the subject we are discussing.
I'm keen on Mary passing the examination.
My shoes hurt. I'm in agony.
Hello. May I speak to Mr Johnson, please?
There is nothing I like so much as the smell of roses.
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.
Your hat should not be worn in the classroom.
Meg's hair curls naturally.
Competition is neither good nor evil in itself.
Our school is within ten minutes' walk of my house.
There are many hotels downtown.
You must always keep your hands clean.
Which of your parents do you take after?
Wet clothes adhere to the skin.
We had lots of fun at the picnic.
Betty drives fast.
Will you tell me why you like her?
I've had enough of this program.
He could not go out because of the heavy rain.
I will be back in another two weeks.
Whoever wants to come to my party may come.
I just can't make up my mind.
Many famous artists live in New York.
There isn't anywhere else to park.
Sheep provide us with wool.
The committee picked the site for the exhibition.
It being very cold, they stayed at home.
I think I have a decayed tooth.
Don't give me that.
The professor gave a lecture on the Middle East.
You are doing well for a cub reporter.
Excuse me a minute.
How many days a week do you go to school?
How kind you are to come all the way to see me off!
Which way shall we go now?
You must put an end to your foolish behavior.
The lion put an end to his prey with one stroke.
He led a hard life after that.
As is often the case with foreigners, John dislikes nattou.
This song is so moving that it brings tears to my eyes.
Footnotes are notes at the foot of a page.
It's a terrible affair.
Please put your baggage on this scale.
In any case, it's troublesome, isn't it?
That is the thing that concerns you.
Diplomacy is to do and say the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
Look out for bees.
Do what you think is right.
The party walked down the mountain.
There were five fires last night.
We usually met at a certain place in the city.
I sneeze a lot.
I have an itchy crotch.
Where is the lost and found?
The movie was so sad that everybody cried.
The hill is always green.
What would you say if you were in my place?
What he said really hurt me.
I had a lot of fun at the party.
Above all, beware of pickpockets.
If you are ever in Japan, come and see me.
Take this medicine three times a day.
How are you getting along these days?
Hurry up in order to catch the train.
They're already here.
I'd like to study in Paris.
Lindbergh was the first man to fly across the Atlantic.
Speak clearly so that everyone may hear you.
That's because the bubble vanished into thin air.
It is getting lighter outside.
Henry was dismissed by reason of his old age.
We entered the room by the back door.
I think I'm putting on weight again.
It's cold. It was foolish of you not to bring your coat.
I'm just saying!
It has been 200 years since Mozart died.
I can only wait.
Moving to a smaller place will reduce the expenses.
How dare you behave so rudely!
I made my whole family leave home.
I'll have to fire you if you come late so often.
I'd rather walk than wait for a bus.
Mice are distinct from rats.
When the bus came, she got on.
Your ideas are quite old fashioned.
Our travel advice center caters to the independent traveler.
It may, indeed, be a mistake.
Paul stood with his hand shading his eyes.
You know, sometimes you need to hear it.
I had an angina attack.
It will stop raining before long.
I'd like to see you if possible.
There was a thick fog around.
I will come on Monday unless you write to the contrary.
How about you?
You should have listened to me.
I've been to neither of those places.
How did you arrive at such a conclusion?
Living near the school, I usually walk there.
I don't have a ticket.
We listened to the teacher during the English lesson.
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.
You work as hard as he did at your age.
It was a very big room.
I built a new house in view of the mountain.
The cold weather kept us indoors.
You need not fret over such trifles.
The audience was immersed in an aftertaste of the concert.
People would sell their souls to hear the concert from those seats.
The penalty for spitting is five pounds.
Parliament has been dissolved.
The bus should be coming soon.
I'll buy a Ford.
People would laugh at any child who did something like that.
In the collision with a Volvo, our car naturally got the worst of it.
At any rate, I did my duty.
It is said that there is no life on Mars.
I will take you home.
Hong Myong Bo is a great player.
What did you buy?
I'll get something to drink for both of you.
My sister has difficulty qualifying for a credit card.
I'll wait here until my medicine is ready.
Keep the door closed.
But I was always too lazy.
Most living creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
The doctor demanded I stay in bed for a week.
Are there any detergents in the laundry?
One should always make the most of one's opportunities.
Bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train.
There was a continuous line of cars.
Generally speaking, Westerners don't eat fish raw.
We almost broke our necks trying to meet the quota.
It means trying hard, even if we make mistakes.
Air is to us what water is to fish.
No one could find the cave.
Wait till the rain stops.
Tom's speech was excellent.
You worked a lot this week.
To speak a foreign language well takes time.
They were made of rough brown leather.
Get back, get back!
How beautiful a sunrise is!
First find out her name and address.
Pete came coasting down the hill on his sled.
We are faced with many difficulties.
I was too surprised to speak.
Here comes Jane. Do you know her?
The bank accommodated the company with a loan.
Yoko translated some poems from Japanese into English.
Good students study hard.
You can see the large exhibition at the department store anytime.
I'll punch the clock.
I have had more than enough.
The parade went through the crowd.
He's possessed by a strange idea.
He stands alone as a conductor of ballet music.
Since it stopped raining, he went out for a walk.
We're going to find ourselves in difficulty if we carry on like this.
I have something to ask of you.
It takes years to master a foreign language.
I caught sight of a fly escaping from the room.
We will only consider placing an order if you reduce the price by 5%.
A new treatment for hepatitis is being studied.
The driver increased his speed.
It's my dream to win a Nobel Prize.
Tom laid the book aside and looked up.
The stadium was quite still.
Teaching is a profession of my own choosing.
Television enables us to learn about foreign manners and customs.
Would you like to go abroad?
There was a lot of food left over from the party.
Oh no, really?
You should pay more attention to what you say.
Mummy has to do the washing this afternoon.
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.
I don't know what is worse.
At length, he began to cry.
If you were to win the lottery, what would you buy with the money?
Nancy had never seen a giant panda before.
Our school adopted his teaching methods.
Roger works from morning till night.
We will never be able to finish this work by tomorrow.
Still waters run deep.
You had better call off your plan.
The oil in mayonnaise sometimes separates from the other ingredients.
As I felt cold, I put on my overcoat.
Tom lay on his back.
Can I get an advance on my salary?
It's still too early to get up.
Enjoy your meal!
We participated in the athletic meet of our company.
The truck dumped the sand on the ground.
You write a very good hand.
The weather has settled at last.
The doctor advised me not to eat too much.
The violinist waits for the signal to play.
The Hawaiian ocean is so beautiful.
It is difficult to give up smoking.
Please fill the teapot with boiling water.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
I fix broken radios.
The conference will commence in due course.
I am interested in getting a hat like this.
What a cute baby! Peek-a-boo!
There is a map on the desk.
Artists are highly respected in France.
You'll go to school tomorrow.
It's time that you stopped wasting your youth on idle pastimes.
Don't hold back anything.
We looked for it high and low.
Can it really be mine?
We tried to cheer him up by taking him out.
The mother told her daughter to do it herself.
The hot spring will do you good.
Let's have lunch downtown and take in a show.
It's worth a try.
Never confuse art with life.
Where does it leave from?
The house which stands on the hill is very old.
Where can I exchange yen for dollars?
The fingerprints on the knife attest to her guilt.
Do you have some milk?
Try to do so as far as the station.
Please clean the dirty floor.
The first prize may be won by him.
I am far from pleased with your behavior.
What an unlucky boy I am!
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
We actually didn't see the accident.
You are asking too much for this car.
You don't see many dial phones around anymore.
You'll have to take his place in case he can't come.
Hanako has attended an American college for four years.
Tom has many talents.
Make yourself comfortable.
It is absurd of you to do that.
Would you like to have lunch together?
The chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem.
Some people are difficult to please.
Keep away from me.
We came to the conclusion that we should help him.
We found the beds quite comfortable.
You must not be late for school.
Not only are you wrong, but I am wrong too.
I don't want to propose to you!
The flower shop is just across the street.
Don't bother me with such foolish questions.
What you said does not apply to this case.
He is not handsome, to be sure, but he is good-natured.
We should observe the speed limit.
Barbara's success is beyond question.
What will you have?
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
The broken window was boarded up.
Tom takes good care of the birds.
It is a fact that smoking is bad for health.
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
Martin seemed very tired, didn't he?
It can be dangerous for young people to ride motorcycles.
It is not too much to say that time once lost can never be recovered.
The radio doesn't work.
There is nothing like ice cream in the summer.
It's not a suitable topic for discussion.
It's hard to shake the smoking habit.
How about more fruit, Goro?
Pets offer us more than mere companionship.
If it hadn't been for the storm, we would have been in time.
Let me dance with you.
The rain dampened their spirits.
I used to read novels at random.
Come home before it gets dark.
On leaving school, he went into business.
Overseas food exports are one of the mainstays of agribusiness.
I don't feel well. Could you give me some medicine?
Could you send up some stomach medicine?
That's because we knew our place.
We must always be prepared for the worst.
Mayuko has not slept enough.
I would like to chat with you by e-mail.
Kyoto gets lots of visitors from all over the world.
I might as well throw my money into the sea as lend it to Tom.
Uncle Bob invited us to have dinner.
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.
You need not take account of the fact.
It was very beautiful.
Mayuko ate up all the cookies.
The lion is often used as a symbol of courage.
You're lucky because he didn't bite you.
What is the best way to learn a foreign language?
You'd better not go.
It shows white from here.
Give me something to write on.
It goes without saying that country life is healthier than town life.
What's your real purpose?
Maya priests learned much about astronomy.
I want you to go to Osaka at once.
Food must be chewed well to be digested properly.
I am still keeping up my tennis craze.
Apples grow on trees.
The party was such a great success.
Put the matches out of reach of children.
It came to nothing.
It is doubtful whether Bill will come.
Come what may, I'm ready for it.
In addition to English, he can speak French.
Give me a ring if you find out anything.
Let's have some fun.
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
With great effort he climbed up the tree.
The athletic meet was postponed due to rain.
A man may be wrong; so may a generation.
The swallow is a sign of summer.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again before long.
In the last analysis, methods don't educate children; people do.
Must I speak English?
It's cold so you should wear a coat.
For what purpose did he come here?
Everyone praises the boy.
Your essay has some mistakes, but as a whole it is very good.
It looks like Bill will go to medical school after all.
I can't praise him enough.
We should not resort to violence.
We lay emphasis on the importance of being sincere.
There is not much doubt about the cause of the fire.
Tall buildings may sway in a strong wind.
Please write down your name here.
They say we're going to get high winds.
How are you going to get home?
It is he.
It happened that I knew her by sight.
Meg attends many school affairs.
Has the bell rung?
To him, hunger was an abstract concept; he always had enough to eat.
Tom arrived late at the station.
He is the lowest of the low to tell such a lie.
Bill kept on crying for hours.
No. I don't know. It's a lot of things.
What criterion did you use when you elected this essay as the winner?
Give me three pieces of chalk.
Your house is fantastic.
I'd like to stay another night if I can.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
There has been a change of plans.
We had a mild winter last year.
Something is being looked for.
Tom is still hospitalized.
On his way home, Tom met a man who he thought was an American.
We should do away with the death penalty.
I think you and he wanna be alone.
Don't make a noise.
Please put it aside for me.
The driver turned the wheel to the right.
This is the most embarrassing moment of my life.
Don't you like apples?
One million people lost their lives in the war.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
Did you enjoy yourself last evening?
Haven't you got any money?
Will you run down to the corner and buy me a paper?
Why is he angry about something like that?
The doctor persuaded him to give up smoking.
I envy your good health.
I live in Kakogawa.
The plants must have died because no one watered them.
Please have some cookies.
The king was shorn of his power.
Chaplin left America for good.
The show was so boring that Ann and I fell asleep.
Hurry up, or you will miss the bus.
Mary can't swim, and John can't, either.
I expect you to work harder.
Bill spoke Japanese with surprising fluency.
It won't be long before the trees are bare.
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.
I was laughed at in school today.
Tom enjoys himself at everything he does.
I sort of like him.
Your remark amounts almost to insult.
The door remained closed.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
If you look at the lyrics, they don't really mean much.
The apple trees grew old and new ones were planted.
The wrong time, the wrong place.
It was a very exciting game.
Do not change your mind, whatever happens.
I know a man who can speak Russian well.
We ran all the way to the station.
Originally the meeting was planned for next Saturday.
They say we're going to get some rain later.
Do something!
I don't want to take risks.
Whether you will succeed or not depends on your efforts.
How can I meet this quota?
The more you drink, the less careful you will be.
Tell me how to beat sleeplessness.
The bathroom is occupied now.
We saw the tower in the distance.
Do you know the reason?
Life begins when you pay taxes.
We cannot follow your plan any longer.
With more courage, I might have proposed to Mary.
Did you miss me?
I cannot help laughing to hear such a story.
The best swimmers are oftenest drowned.
Large fries, please.
The influence of TV on society is great.
Bill is really fighting the battle of the bulge.
Will you open the bag?
You can have this book for nothing.
When writing English, she rarely makes a mistake.
When should we make reservations?
We discussed the matter with each other.
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.
It took him only a few minutes to realize his mistakes.
That is going too far.
Please ring him up.
Linda's husband was two-timing her.
Get motivated to study English.
Mary aided her mother in cooking.
Your parents didn't come, did they?
It is true that television also has some disadvantages.
Dr. Yukawa, the Nobel prize winner, died in 1981.
Gum got stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
Are the taxis being used? "Yes, they are."
I'd like to speak to the lady of the household.
English is too difficult for me to understand.
If he had been honest, I would have employed him.
The bus hasn't come yet.
It's cold enough to skate.
Silent waters run deep.
Would you be kind enough to pass the salt?
It's not us who did it.
The football game was postponed on account of bad weather.
Do you remember your passport number?
I have some money with me.
It is already past five o'clock.
The battery gave out.
If you do not go fishing tomorrow, I will not either.
The game was called off on account of the rain.
The thief ran away.
There were lots of bundles, but they weren't thousand-dollar bills.
I hope we'll see each other again sometime.
I've been to the mall.
At last, we succeeded in solving the question.
I, as well as you, was late for school yesterday.
Who is going to look after our dog?
You and I are very good friends.
We were all shouting at the same time.
Raise your voice.
If I were to go abroad, I would go to France.
The homeless sought shelter from a shower.
We will have a math class tomorrow.
Wolves won't usually attack people.
It's not important.
Please remember to post the letter on your way home.
The meeting will be held regardless of the weather.
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.
We pressed on, regardless.
Please say it by heart.
The smoke made our eyes water.
The skin of peaches bruises easily.
I would gladly help you, only I am too busy now.
Mrs. Lee is a great talker.
Either you or he is wrong.
I succeed to the throne.
With a little more patience, you could have succeeded.
How beautifully she sings!
Tom wants to go to Japan.
I've always wanted to go to Australia with my family.
You see a white building at the foot of the hill.
We're banking on you to provide all the money we need.
I asked for a seat in the smoking section.
Mike had his teeth checked last week.
It is a disease that can't be prevented.
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
We are lovers of the beautiful.
The roof was blown off by the explosion.
Are there any landmarks?
At last, she hit on a good idea.
I'll wait another five minutes.
It seems like there's no money left.
Driving is a good holiday pastime.
Have you ever read any Tennyson poems?
The stock market tumbled.
We had scarcely returned when it began raining.
Many members dropped out of the club when the dues were raised.
Do you have any water?
Thanks to Mr Nagata.
A Cuba Libre is a cocktail with a rum base.
Can I have some more tea?
By the way, would you like to come and see my mother?
A parasol is used during the summertime to shade the face.
There used to be a pond here where you could see many swans.
There are few high-ranking positions left open for you.
Anyone can do it easily.
Do you mind opening the door?
We must wait for a few weeks to see the lilacs.
I'm afraid it will be rainy.
An idea occurred to me.
I regret having been idle in my school days.
It is necessary for you to stop smoking.
That might be the most painful experience in my life.
If it is raining, I won't go out tonight.
Please make yourself at home.
Plastic does not burn easily.
It's dangerous to play around the fire.
We are influenced by our environment.
We will fight to the last.
I will continue with my efforts.
We must make up for lost time.
By the way, have you done your homework?
The chairman would only make her comments off the record.
I put on a little weight last year.
I always feel good after I do my good deed for the day.
Listening to the radio, I heard the telephone ring.
Give me a little more water.
Are you sure?
You won't regret it.
It grew dark, and what was worse, we lost our way.
You are way off track.
Dan bought a new computer.
Lucy sometimes visits May.
The yen appreciated 10 percent against the dollar.
Lincoln is a great person.
Mr Brown always carries a book with him.
No river in the world is longer than the Nile.
Our representative argued against the new tax plan.
Yes, please do.
A student visited the house of the great playwright.
Don't beat around the bush.
Mike named his dog Spike.
Half of the apples are rotten.
I can't decide unless you tell me your plan.
I finally found my way out of the confusing maze.
Could I see you a minute, please?
I saw a light in the distance.
What do you have for breakfast?
That'd be the last thing I want to do.
The committee bestowed a medal on him.
Mr Yoshida never breaks his promise.
Could you carry my bags for me?
Did you see a doctor?
Did you get hurt in the football game?
I was in the hospital for a week.
I would never have guessed that.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Shut off the radio.
Why did you run away?
If it were not for water, we could not live.
The doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking.
I have no idea where I left my keys.
I wonder how long it's going to take.
I will dry your T-shirt.
Mike is not a member of the volleyball team.
Turn down the television.
It's about 8 kilometers away.
Once across the river, you are safe.
We will begin the meeting when Bob comes.
Now that you have passed your test, you can drive on your own.
You had plenty of time.
We assume that he is honest.
She is better than any of her classmates speaking English.
Tom awoke to find himself in a strange room.
The money was hidden beneath the floorboards.
I brought you a little something.
We discussed the matter.
I'd like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
The delicate, graceful flowers are in bloom.
Harry couldn't keep up with the class.
The driver was so fortunate to escape death.
It would have been better if you had left it unsaid.
Haven't we met before?
You mustn't stay out that late.
The stockholders are making money hand over fist.
What is the reason for that lie?
I heard the door close.
Poland ceased to exist as a nation for 120 years.
How can a man be born when he is old? Nicodemus asked.
Almost all parents see to the education of their children.
The train was about to leave the station.
The nurse soothed the crying child.
You are made to be a poet.
Television has robbed cinema of its former popularity.
Your speech will be recorded in history.
Draw a circle.
Why did you say such a stupid thing?
We can know the past, but the future we can only feel.
It is time you get down to work.
I could hear doors slamming.
Yeah, it's been a long time.
Please shake hands.
I used a photo of my dog for my desktop wallpaper.
Never again would she want to live there.
Send me the account.
School being over, we went swimming in the pool.
What did you make?
How did you come by such a job?
Situated on a hill, his house commands a fine view.
The weather in Florida is generally moderate.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
Michael is to be on a TV program tonight.
Another war, and we all will be killed.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
The company is promoting a new car on TV.
Anything new?
Tom lost his cap, and he felt that he had to buy a new one.
Paris fell in 1940.
Salt is sold by weight.
Your composition leaves nothing to be desired.
The reformers were subject to every attack from the Establishment.
Would you tell me why you have refused their offer?
Are you in favor of or against that policy?
Of course I accepted his offer of support.
Bill won the match, not so much by good luck as by real ability.
How far is it to the airport?
You'll be paid according to the amount of work you do.
Are you trying to fish in troubled waters?
How can you be so passive? Why don't you retaliate?
I think your theory does not hold water.
The houses stand near to each other.
His stock with the students has soared.
Are you going by bus or car?
We had to call off the game because of rain.
I intended to become a teacher.
Everything is ready.
Unless it's something fairly impressive, I won't remember it.
You had better go to the infirmary.
How did you get acquainted with her?
The doctor treated her injury.
I am counting on you to join us.
Tom has always done well in every job he has had.
What're you waiting for?
We had native guides on our trip to the mountain.
Too much alcohol may result in gastric disease.
A strange feeling came over me.
If I were healthy, I could go on a hike.
I got blisters from the burn.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for help.
We were greatly surprised at the news of his sudden death.
A fanatic threw a bomb at the king's coach.
Don't grieve about your past errors.
You are prohibited from smoking here.
We argued him into going.
Put it back where you got it from.
Ladies and gentlemen, now we start the movie.
It's quite plain that you haven't been paying attention.
We bound him to secrecy.
You have the freedom to travel wherever you like.
Who can read the future?
Me? I'm a plain old salaryman.
The conflicts among leaders resulted in unhealthy sectionalism.
Above the music, I could hear her crying.
One after another they stood up and went out.
Let's carry on the discussion.
Don't ask me such a hard question.
No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.
I hope there are some music clubs.
The rain hasn't stopped yet, has it?
Traveling abroad is now more popular.
Tom was too shy to take part in games with the other boys.
The musician shook his head and pushed his little piano away.
Have you finished your homework already?
How huge a deficit can the nation stand?
The hunter cannot exist without the hunted.
Compare your answers with the teacher's.
What are nabemono like?
I see no analogy between your problem and mine.
Don't go out after it gets dark.
But Dad won't like it.
Helen blushed at their praise.
No matter who may go, he will be welcomed.
Have you ever been to New York?
It was as if the devil was chasing after him.
The passport important on your trip.
We were watching the child at play.
Where can I buy a ticket?
The patient's life was in danger.
Wishing you a Halloween filled with fun.
If it is free, please send me a copy.
We shall all die some day.
The pyramids were built in ancient times.
Mr Taylor wishes he had not come to the party.
Are you for or against the plan?
If you teach me how to dance, I will show you my hidden scars.
With respect to that, I agree with you.
To be quiet in class is to respect other people's sleep.
It's time you went to bed.
A fire broke out on the first floor.
The weather has been nice all week.
Look forward, please.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
I steered clear of sensitive topics.
The income tax rate increases in proportion as your salary rises.
He had no difficulty in finding the place.
Let's pass by the church.
What's the total population of France?
They forgot to lock the door.
I have French nationality but Vietnamese origins.
He is ignorant of the world.
Even if I have to sell my house, I'll keep my business going.
The rope was a couple of meters too short.
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.
Giant pandas live only in China.
What did you buy for your boyfriend?
How often do you study English at school?
A high forehead is indicative of great mental power.
He became rich.
Turner stands out among the painters of his time.
Bill is two years senior to me.
The meaning dawned upon me at last.
If I had money, I would pay what I owe you. As it is, I can't pay.
The patient got better little by little.
His whole family is like that. They're like peas in a pod.
The hair style of the Beatles created a sensation.
You must be mentally exhausted.
Is there a book store in the hotel?
There is a very strict rule forbidding smoking in bed.
The door won't close.
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.
You had far better stay here.
No words availed to persuade him.
Just imitate what he does.
The holiday ended all too soon.
Let's drop the subject.
Okay. Sorry.
We saw the lady carried away to the hospital.
The boat goes down the river.
It was sublime scenery.
You are human.
You've set a bad example.
The climate affects people in every land.
It is refreshing to take a shower after exercising.
How many people do you think have an ear for music?
Do you know what happened?
The sky is clear almost every day.
The vase on my desk overturned when I jumped up in surprise.
Help yourself to the cake, please.
Mary prided herself on her beauty.
That is not exactly what I said.
If I were prime minister, I'd give Clinton a good talking to.
You should abide by the consequences.
There can be no doubt whatever about it.
The trailer goes with the car.
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
Let's play it by ear.
It's a sop to Congress.
You have to overcome the difficulties.
Got to go now.
Richard said his mother was ill, which is a lie.
A tanker is a ship carrying oil.
Yumiko was a little angry.
Three cheers for the team.
Who's going to clear up all this mess?
First of all, we must dismiss him.
Admitting what you say, I still think I am right.
Why did you choose such a subject?
Speak of angels and you hear their wings.
May I try it on?
By the way, are you free tonight?
Over 100 people were present at the party.
Bill often goes to the park.
Regarding the matter of house-rent, I have come to terms with him.
There was a lot of snow last winter.
The Panama Canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
A swarm of mosquitoes followed him.
The doctor rushed to his patient.
Before everything you should take better care of your health.
Rain was pattering on the roof.
You had better tell him the truth.
For whom will you vote for president?
You are to hand in your assignments by Monday.
We found the failure of the experiment at the last moment.
No! After you do your homework, you can watch television.
He encouraged his son to do something great.
We agreed that there was no other alternative.
That can't be true.
Applicants must be under thirty years old.
The doctor ordered me to rest fully.
Don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage.
You should especially not drink on an empty stomach.
I'll stand behind you if you are going to do it.
She is no doubt pretty, but she isn't beautiful.
I felt something crawling on my back.
To start with, I must thank you for your help.
All doctors say something to please their patients.
Would you sew a button on my shirt?
It sounds strange, but it is true none the less.
There was a water mill below the dam.
How dare you ask me for help!
I was about to leave when you telephoned.
Do you have anything to say?
Does Tony study after dinner?
Billy is good at sports.
Give me your money.
Which way is the nearest?
I might have to be very angry with you if you were to come alone.
I've seen one many times.
That is not altogether false.
I came across this book in a secondhand bookstore.
The maid announced each guest.
The vicar often refers to the Bible in his sermon.
Disneyland was built in 1955.
The bus stopped to take up passengers.
I want a knife with which to cut the rope.
Do in Rome as the Romans do.
Mr Brown has a magical way with children.
I'm sick of listening to your complaints.
Each man's pay was in proportion to his work.
I gave up smoking and I feel like a new man.
It is beginning to tell on him.
The train traversed a tunnel.
He will have left here by the time you return.
Bob has been engaged to Mary for over a year.
You are as white as a sheet.
Let me have a look at your video camera.
Your words make me fear for my life.
I couldn't answer any questions on the test.
The tire leaks air.
I do want to go to Italy.
You had better get away from here at once.
If he comes, show him into my room.
Smoking means suicide.
What do you usually do on holidays?
That is a new story to me.
Everybody laughed at me.
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?
Imagine that you have a wife.
The tulips are in bloom in the flower bed.
A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again soon.
I think your father hoped you would go to college.
A piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger.
A cheetah runs as fast as any animal.
Won't you come in for a moment?
Please have someone else do it.
He, if anything, is the romantic type.
The sea was as smooth as glass.
Please don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
She must be stupid to say such a thing.
Ill gained, ill spent.
I advise you not to keep company with Tom.
I feel depressed often.
I would like to buy some cheese.
I should like to go for a swim.
Count me in.
I am already accustomed to sitting on tatami.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
We all knelt down to pray.
So what? It doesn't matter to me.
The rain prevented me from going.
Dr. Patterson: Oh, no! She was very gentle with him.
I've read any and every book in this library.
How did your interview go?
Happy were the students who had such a good teacher.
The cow supplies us with milk.
Who is to blame for the failure?
We could not but give him up for dead.
Can you quote a line of Hamlet?
The fire was extinguished at once.
That is not the point in question.
There cannot be progress without communication.
I don't want to know that kind of story.
He is as rich as any man in this town.
Give me something to do.
Cutting school is the first stage of delinquency.
It is very convenient to live near a station.
It's really coming down out there!
Jack stood aside for Hitomi to enter.
This is the very book you wanted.
Tony lives in Kobe.
Praise stimulates students to work hard.
The students were animated by the agitator's appeal.
The thief forced her to hand over the money.
I usually went to bed at ten in my school days.
Another problem has arisen.
Definitely!
He laid himself on the bed.
Corporate political donations are coming under heavy scrutiny.
A robot can do more work than a man can.
I feel homesick when I remember my family.
Well, what happened to her?
The French are our neighbors across the Channel.
Merry Christmas!
It is just your imagination.
Meg's shoes are a little loose.
It was not long before she came back.
No sooner had Helen come home than she fell sick.
After a short pursuit, the police caught him.
Pull the string and the water flushes.
Where will you be staying?
Nothing can force me to give it up.
I would like to go to a business school.
There is a dog under the table.
The toilet was outside, in the yard.
Don't eat like a pig.
We'll what?
The timetable was disrupted.
Who is the man playing the violin?
Please pass me the salt.
No one trusts him any more.
Are you free on Friday afternoon?
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
They are dancing, intoxicated with the beauty of cherry blossoms.
The doctor advised a change of air.
An American spoke to me at the station.
Is there anything I can do for you?
I could not remember his name for the life of me.
We are giving Tom a birthday party.
I would rather go to the mountains than to the beach.
There was an expensive camera left in the classroom.
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?
He said to me, 'Study hard, or you won't pass the test.'
You will be able to play soccer.
You must read this book also.
That was the best day of my life.
Kingdoms and small countries then developed.
The bookstore across from the station is very large.
It's because I want to help sick people.
Mistakes in the printing should be pointed out at once.
What have you been doing all this time!
You must be mindful of your family responsibilities.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
I'll try again, thank you.
What is butter made of?
Have you finished? "On the contrary, I have not even begun yet."
The company bought shares in the venture.
In order to share it, we'll have to tear it into two pieces.
Yes. He had just come home when I called.
Our boat followed a school of fish.
Metal contracts when cooled.
Why don't you get rid of your motorcycle? You never ride it any more.
I was waiting all alone.
You're not excused from the table.
My grandfather goes for a walk on fine days.
Is it true that you are going to Paris?
The cow is anything but bright.
I made my decision.
If I had time, I would study French.
There is a bus stop near our school.
Merry is scared of dogs.
Mary and John quarreled, but made up after a while.
Never having seen a mongoose, I do not know what they are like.
It's already nine o'clock.
What ails you?
That's MY line!
I can hear the sound in your mind.
You must have stayed up late.
Were I a bird, I would fly to you.
I cannot run because I am very tired.
The roses are in bud.
He was among those chosen.
Written in simple English, this book is suitable for beginners.
It is regarded as a matter of time.
And just think, you're on the other side of the world.
Theoretically, I'm doing math.
Have you ever had any serious illness?
The robber emerged from the darkness.
Money is the measure of worth.
We are going to have a baby.
It won't be long before we can travel to the moon.
Being very tired, I went to bed early.
Just a moment, please.
Mary is both intelligent and kind.
There was no objection on the part of the students.
I'm very glad to see you.
Finally, he gave into my persuasion.
Tom knows better than to fight with you.
May I borrow your dictionary?
The haze enveloped London.
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?
The magician's tricks surprised us.
I haven't decided yet.
We will have some visitors one of these days.
Helen came to Japan last year.
I may have left my umbrella in the bus.
Stock prices dropped.
Printing ink is in short supply.
A fence between makes love more keen.
We have a stock of toilet paper.
When was printing invented?
I'm afraid you don't.
Fred went so far as to say that he had hated me.
An old man came along.
Where can I get some help?
Left alone, the little girl began to cry.
Are you going to play tricks on me again, you naughty boy?
Do you take me for a fool?
The doctor dosed the girl with antibiotics.
If that's false, she's a liar.
The door remained closed before her.
Believe it or not, it came in a pack of gum.
Write on alternate lines.
Our calculations show that the rocket is off its course.
Bob found various kinds of nuts.
Mt. Fuji could be seen in the distance.
We see things differently, according to whether we are rich or poor.
Sorry, we're full today.
A little make-up worked wonders with her.
I forgot to lift the receiver before dialing the number.
But I don't think Dad would like me to.
You had better not have gone there.
We have to save for a rainy day.
We must put an end to a bad habit as soon as possible.
Sometimes I doubt your intelligence.
With a little more effort.
If I should fail again, I would give up the plan.
Close the door when you leave.
It is none the less true.
Please come in an ordinary dress.
Being spoken to by a foreigner, I did not know what to do.
Students have access to the library.
Why did he come with her?
I think I'm going to faint.
We made up our mind to come in any case.
I knew it was plastic but it tasted like wood.
The cause of the fire was known.
Any paper you read will tell the same story.
Your idea is absolutely impossible.
The timid man trembled with fear.
Will you give me something to drink?
Is the Ginza the busiest street in Japan?
You might have to eat those words a few years from now.
I will do it on condition that I am paid.
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don't I think of you with love.
We can rely on his judgement.
You should be on your guard when doing business with strangers.
I began to sing when I was a youngster.
Tom has a house which has two rooms.
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
He would still be alive had he refused to go to the battlefield then.
Would you be kind enough to put in a word for me?
The President did me the courtesy of replying to my letter.
The lion is called the king of animals.
Even if it takes me ten years, I am determined to accomplish the job.
What you are saying does not make sense.
Do this at your leisure.
None were listening to the speaker.
The bus will have started before we get there.
Many a quarrel comes about through a misunderstanding.
We had to yield to their request.
The cold weather may keep the plants from budding.
English words are often borrowed by other languages.
When it comes to sweets, I just can't control myself.
Why is it that she looks so sad?
Would you mail this letter for me on your way to school?
I hope you will give my best regards to your family.
Please write about your real experience.
I feel relaxed with you.
How long did you stay?
You did not need to have your house painted.
Tom was late for dinner.
It is true that he did it, whether by accident or by design.
What kinds of sports do you go in for these days?
It's entirely up to you.
You have only to wait here for him.
He said that he was afraid it would be rainy.
Everybody called me Tony in those days.
Who made this plan?
Don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school.
Are you a Japanese student?
If it's possible, I'd like to exchange this for a larger size.
It was hot. I couldn't stand it any longer.
I was hit by a huge chunk of meat.
I recognized Mr Jones at first glance.
Put away such a foolish idea.
What tempted him to come home?
Peter didn't intend to break the vase.
Passion creates suffering.
Those countries used to belong to France.
I quickly laugh at everything, for fear of having to cry.
We had to abandon our plan.
You play the guitar quite like a professional, don't you?
Would you do something for me?
I don't approve your decision.
Your wrongdoing is a disgrace to our school.
You may rest assured that we shall do all we can.
You should get your hair cut.
You were late for work.
It appears to me that you are right.
The rocket went up smoothly.
I've studied English for five years.
Well, I must be going.
A few minutes more, and I'll be ready.
He is playing outdoors.
What are you going to do with it?
But probably I'll be the last, which is a pity.
Read after me all together.
Everyone is ready.
Organic vegetables are popular because they're safe and tasty.
You've got it in one. That's right.
It won't be long before we can enjoy space travel.
How can I jump so high?
You are mad to try to do it all alone.
It's a TV.
I like neither of them.
The answer leads us to a vicious circle.
I will stand by you whatever happens.
Read it once more, please.
You should clean your dirty room.
Latin is a highly inflected language.
The company appealed for people to take voluntary resignation.
The rescued refugees were longing for freedom.
At last, I caught up with my friends.
Though it was very cold, I went out.
He doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life.
Do your work with more care.
Is there anything you can do?
It has been agreed that the meeting will be held on Friday.
That'd be nice. What about inviting John and Mary?
The study by Meyer and his colleagues was unusual.
I guess that you can't do it.
Debate is an academic game between the affirmative and the negative.
Why do you take such a risk?
I hear footsteps outside.
How many exposures would you like?
Mayuko came directly home.
Get it ready at once.
I cannot let it go unchallenged.
You've drunk three cups of coffee.
Turn down the volume, please.
The salary is fixed according to age and experience.
The rain caused the water to run over the banks.
The general use of forks for eating started in the tenth century A.D.
I didn't know apple trees grow from seeds.
We spoke about many subjects.
You should have come home before.
How much do you leave for a tip in Spain?
You are not going to make it in time for school.
We sat up half the night just talking.
Be my guest.
Come here.
Are you sure about the cost of that car?
What time does this train reach Yokohama?
School will break for the summer.
Where are the showers?
She lives near the edge of Wripple, so she drives in every day.
What kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season.
Our patient is in much the same condition as yesterday.
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
I had my radio repaired by him.
We still have plenty of time left.
You ought to have told me that before.
Work is all in all to me.
Chemistry has made notable progress in recent years.
At any rate, the program was a success.
It happened at a quarter past eleven.
The Soviet troops started to withdraw from Afghanistan.
The party was a marked success.
The vacation is over now.
The rain came down in earnest.
If he told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
I sensed what was happening.
Aoi became a dancer.
I've told you again and again to be more careful.
All you have to do is do your best.
Its color is red.
What do you think of the idea of making a bus trip?
A good memory is his weapon.
Another thing that is required is a dictionary.
Most Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
It is high time I was going.
I'll race you to the bus stop.
To all appearances, they are a happy couple.
I tried, only to fail.
What lovely flowers!
It's a whole new ball game for me.
The building replaced several houses.
That'll make for a memorable time.
It hurts terribly.
Check your answer with his.
Don't be a wallflower.
She must be a fool to say so.
Mr Norton is pleasant to work with.
I saw some of the guests leave the banquet room.
We rowed up the river against the current.
Tom's anger blazed out suddenly.
Apparently that shabby flat is vacant.
The chairman of the meeting became ill.
Our company has many clients from abroad.
It can't be true.
You should allow an hour to go to the airport.
All the films are boring.
The Beatles set the world on fire with their incredible music.
You are foolish to say such a thing.
The professor scolded John for skipping class.
The bus stopped in every village.
There is nothing to worry about.
You can't equate nationalism with fascism.
To speak French is difficult.
I'd like to reconfirm my reservation.
I handed in my report yesterday.
Dick was ten years old when he died.
We confirmed the hotel reservations by telephone.
Who does Tony like?
Good morning, said Tom with a smile.
It transpired that the fire was caused by a careless smoker.
I pulled myself together and started my work.
Sit at the table.
In a word, she isn't any use.
I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on.
I'm just another man.
I couldn't make myself understood in a foreign country.
I see a flower on the desk.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
I often see him.
I hope to try out for cheerleader.
I didn't like it.
Where is the tourist information office?
Some people like summer, and others like winter.
It stopped raining and we managed to finish our game of tennis.
One large fries and two medium cokes.
This is a terrible climate.
I'm so fat.
In doing anything, do your best.
Hurry along or you'll be late.
Some of the students like to play the guitar.
Music affords us much pleasure.
The attendance at the party was larger than had been expected.
He told me he would go to Venice.
But for my family, I would not have worked so hard.
Who will compensate for the loss?
Why don't you rest a bit?
What splendid houses they are!
Did you buy a round-trip ticket?
Exact change, please.
Not all of us catch colds.
You may take the book home so long as you don't get it dirty.
Thank you just the same.
They must be crazy to believe such nonsense.
Nobody likes it.
Kyoko is lying on the grass.
Tom's hobby is collecting photos of cars.
There are many shrines in Kyoto.
Mother advised me to take a walk for a change.
A piano is expensive.
I feel for you.
You are suitable for the job.
The Representative said he will put a brake on spending.
We import raw materials and export the finished products.
Of course, to be valuable, an old carpet must be in good condition.
I wonder why it's so crowded here today.
The meeting took place yesterday.
Their cattle are all fat.
Who is calling, please?
You were kind to help me.
Be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in.
Oxygen from the air dissolves in water.
As I had seen him before.
Peter doesn't need to attend the meeting.
There are too many things to do!
We voted for the resolution.
Let's check why your answers differ from mine.
The meeting will be held tomorrow.
Where is the railroad station?
Bob can no more swim than a hammer can.
It goes without saying that English is an international language.
You'd better see a doctor and get a shot.
His joy showed on his face.
I cannot account for what has happened.
I am not feeling quite up to par.
An error was made.
I put money in a safe.
Having failed several times, he tried to do it again.
Of course our lifestyle is different from the one in America.
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.
You'll miss the train if you don't hurry.
Foreign students demanded help from us.
Snakes are animals I don't like in the least.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
When did they register the names of the members?
You must not behave so.
We must provide for the future.
Go and see for yourself what has happened.
Sit down, Tom. "All right."
Hello. Is this the Gotos' residence?
Don't pull it. Push it open.
I just came up with the word.
You should be alert to the possible dangers.
I'd be crazy to expect such a thing.
You may as well go to bed at once.
Flowers attract bees.
The word downtown refers to the business quarter of any town.
Doctors warn us of possible danger.
Gold is heavier than silver.
There is a cottage beyond the bridge.
Please put it on the scale.
He used to love me, she answered sadly.
Some were playing tennis on the court.
We discovered relics of an ancient civilization.
I'm confident that there won't be a world war.
I felt something touch my feet.
It is important to be accomplished in some art.
There was much food in the house.
Please tell me which railway line to use from the airport to downtown.
The reason is because I can speak Chinese.
Mike really thought your sister was something else.
We were denied transportation.
It goes around the sun in 365 days.
It was very cold, and what was worse, it began to rain.
The doorman did not permit me to enter the theater.
Red Mulligan has announced that he'll fight Rocky Luciano next month.
They will have arrived there before you start.
Newton saw an apple fall off a tree.
Take a bus.
They are more or less the same size.
We can see distant objects with a telescope.
She is charming for all that.
Tom is living with his uncle now.
Mayuko is good company.
Smoking will do more harm than good.
It was raining all day long without intermission.
Get 'em before they get you!
Here it's August and our summer vacation is nearly over.
Hurry up, or we'll miss the train.
If you do such a foolish thing, people will laugh at you.
I can't think about the design any more.
How long have you been waiting for the bus?
I'm fed up with your constant complaining.
Tom leads the soccer team.
We escaped death by a hair's breadth.
I have no idea how long it will take.
You cannot be too polite when you meet the president.
A dove is a symbol of peace.
How much is the rent per month?
How often do you have your piano lessons?
Mr Brown is our English teacher.
Most women are not so young as they are painted.
On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
In case of fire, telephone the fire station.
Mayuko failed to see Meg.
The Isonos would often go hiking.
Open the door, please.
You're forever making mistakes.
Fork-users have historically been in the minority.
Your room is twice the size of mine.
We ought to expect some casual visitors.
The doctors tell you that your brother will never wake up again.
Did you get your wish?
We're not supposed to indulge pets.
All the church bells started ringing together.
Now you've come of age, you have the right to vote.
Mrs. Lark played the piano and the children sang.
Mary was John's heartthrob all through high school.
I'd be glad to go in your place.
I'd like you to meet Mr Brown.
Tony did not know their names.
There is certain to be some opposition to your suggestion.
Twelve are present at the meeting.
He stabbed me in the back!
Please have my baggage brought to the station.
Don't burst into the room without knocking.
The bus service is not good between nine and ten.
Please say hello to her if you see her at the party.
Go ahead with your story.
I can't feel at home in a hotel.
Please give me something hot to drink.
What big talk.
Every man for his own trade.
The bus passed five minutes ago.
Do you have a doctor or nurse in this hotel?
Tim's wife insisted on his taking her to Paris.
I have never heard of anyone by the name.
I had no difficulty in finding his office.
You should put something in your stomach before you go.
I paid 40,000 yen for this tape recorder.
I was just about to go out, when the bell rang.
Everybody started waving his flag.
May's clothes were lying around the room.
It has resulted in nothing.
The candle grew shorter and shorter, until at last it went out.
No one can match her in speaking French.
You're stepping into dangerous territory.
If there is somebody to back me up, the business will be successful.
Everyone went there, didn't they?
Empty vessels make the most sound.
The company engaged him as an advisor.
I saw something very bright fly across the night sky.
It is amazing; you should have won the prize.
Grapes grow in bunches.
The door must not be left open.
Fanned by the strong wind, the flames spread in all directions.
Music makes our life happy.
How many hours of sleep do you need?
You can't be hungry. You've just had dinner.
He is rather optimistic.
Bill did not commit the crime.
A Japanese would never do such a thing.
I didn't expect such a nice present from you.
I will give you permission to do it.
The sky became as dark as if the sun had sunk.
Almost all of the pupils were in the classroom.
It is going to rain.
It lies with you to decide which to choose.
A Mr Marconi wants to see you.
New York is the center of America's stock exchange.
What would you do if you were in my place?
We went into a shop to get some food.
I'm worn out, because I've been standing all day.
Aren't you Tom?
You shall have a reward.
Our character is affected by the environment.
I do not have an account in these forums.
School systems have to cope with changing numbers of pupils.
You are in need of a holiday.
It is impossible to do it.
Which do you recommend?
You are a good tennis player.
I'll get a bucket of water.
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?
We must preserve our peaceful constitution.
The picture looks better at a distance.
I like Dave because he is very kind.
You can finish your essay now.
Come closer in order that you may see the screen better.
Fox missed a chance to be a movie star.
It is difficult for you to climb to the mountaintop.
Born in better times, he would have become a great scholar.
It does not matter to me whether you come or not.
They shone like stars in the dark, dirty building.
Peggy did not go to see the drama, and neither did I.
We will have to get over the feeling of helplessness.
Will you turn on the TV?
There is no place like home.
Go straight on, and you will find the store.
A truck ran over our dog.
Everyone was really impressed with that machine.
We started early so as not to miss the train.
I order you to turn right.
The reporter refused to name his sources.
Would you like to dance with me?
Nothing succeeds like success.
How far is it to the station?
Don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
While I see what you say, I can't accept your offer.
There is a shortage of money in Brian's wallet and bank account.
After sleeping well, I felt much better.
That altered the aspect of the case.
He was present at the party.
Business is so slow these days.
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.
Don't trifle with such serious matters.
I have got to go now.
While I accept what you say, I still think I'm right.
Speak slowly and clearly.
Do you have a plan?
I'm from Wellington, the capital of New Zealand.
He took his daughter with him whenever he went abroad.
You're a month behind with your rent.
It's really time something was done.
It's easy to make and it's cheap.
Put your hands down!
A cloud passed across the moon.
You should save some money against a rainy day.
Luckily, he was on time for the train.
It is four centimeters thick.
Everybody agreed with his idea.
France was at war with Russia.
Read the message once more.
It was pleasant for Mike to talk to Yumi.
Where is Tony playing?
How to deal with environmental pollution is a serious matter.
Urgent business kept me from going shopping with you.
That's a piece of pie.
I was greatly inconvenienced.
If Ted were here, he could help us clean our room.
Unless it rains, the game will be held on Sunday.
Among modern novels, this is the best.
Proponents of increased import duties are at odds with each other.
Don't expect others to think for you!
I was nearly hit by a car.
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.
You had better talk as clearly as you can.
Bill died a disappointed man.
Driving after drinking alcohol is not acceptable behavior.
Why am I shooting these guys, tell me, what have they done?
The Romans tried to civilize the ancient Britons.
I appreciate your concern.
For safety purposes, remove the plastic casing before use.
What a nice day it is!
You did an excellent job.
Bad habits are easy to get into.
We discussed the plan yesterday.
It was about the size of an egg.
Have you ever seen the new house in which Marilyn lives?
My forehead burned with fever.
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week.
The bus rattled as it drove along the bumpy road.
I can see some people walking across the street.
Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region.
I'll study your report.
That's something like a movie scenario.
I want a few empty glasses.
What keeps you up so late?
It was a partial success.
Do you often have fish for dinner?
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.
Every boy and girl knows him.
If you had studied harder, you would have passed the examination.
Tony has a nice voice.
Have you finished reading the novel?
Don't regard me as your father anymore.
That absolves me from further responsibility.
Rick was over the moon about passing the exam.
Hello. Fancy meeting you here.
I went home and ate a hearty breakfast.
Have you already met Mr Smith?
Is there a problem?
Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor.
Did you say that I could never win?
We are engaged in a difficult task.
What time shall I come?
The cat didn't move a muscle.
It will not be long before he gets better.
The bridge had been built before that time.
I am feeling much better now.
Look out for rock slides.
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.
You startled me!
You should be friendly rather than stubborn.
Will you take on the job?
What shall we play?
The fire spread out in a fan-shape.
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.
It is because you are lazy that you cannot write your report.
Will you carry it out for me?
I felt the house shake.
Someone entered the room.
Does everybody love music?
It is too dark to read a book there.
I think that is based on a lack of mutual understanding.
No one can match him at tennis.
Brutus stabs Caesar, and Caesar falls.
Duty should come before anything else.
In general, people were against the consumption tax.
Max looked into the mirror all the time he was talking.
May I ask you a favor?
Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
The more leisure he has, the happier he is.
Any child could do that.
Come on, Shougo. You can do it.
It was too difficult for me.
That's a beautiful dress.
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.
Each member has to pay 10,000 yen a month.
It's astonishing, the size of his head.
How nice to see you again, Tom.
That reads two different ways.
Tom walked Kate home.
A cornered rat will bite a cat.
There is nothing like summer and ice cream.
The darkness has not overcome it.
The fire has gone out and this room is cold.
Aaah!! My computer is broken!
I'll go and meet him, if it's necessary.
Please connect me with Dr. White.
I will be glad if I can be of any service to you.
How long will you be here?
The committee consists of twelve members.
Everyone always speaks well of Tony.
Soon, swallows will come from the south.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
There is a heavy tax on tobacco.
Sit near at hand.
It was careless of her to forget it.
Look at the blackboard, everyone.
We're not getting anywhere.
Cows are sacred to Hindus.
I would rather leave early than travel on rush-hour trains.
I like everything that comes with summer.
It being cold, we made a fire.
Waiter, please bring me some water.
Many beautiful flowers bloom in spring.
Tom will be able to swim soon.
Kabuki is an old Japanese art.
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.
Tom was flying high after he heard the news.
Please sponge the mess up off the table.
What's it made from?
Science is far more than a collection of facts and methods.
Any child can do that.
Yes. We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
I would prefer an honorable death.
I'd better be on my way.
Bill didn't work hard enough and so he failed.
Keep away from bad company.
There are innumerable stars in the galaxy.
Whichever you choose, you will be satisfied.
Clear up your desk a bit.
The burglars broke into the bank at night.
What one says is more important than how one says it.
At last the boy was given up for dead.
It's white.
Tom worked hard only to fail the exam.
We have three meals a day.
Education is a critical element.
Cut them with a knife.
When your business gets rolling we'll talk about an increase.
The drawer is stuffed full of odds and ends.
Let's do it another time.
London was bombed several times.
There never was a good war nor a bad peace.
How can I make the deadline for this document?
You'll regret having said those words.
Bob is a good match for you in skating.
Fan letters lay in a heap on the desk.
Why do you accuse my son?
I am too old for this world.
To all appearance his statement was true.
Would you mind shutting the door?
Can such a strange thing be real?
Bill is as tall as Jack.
Had he worked harder, he could have succeeded.
Don't do that!!! There's a computer at the drug store.
You made the same mistake as last time.
Scott is an entrepreneur with much spirit of enterprise.
The party is to be held next Sunday.
I will do all I can for you.
We sat face to face with executives.
I can't stand it anymore.
Such a proposal would only be turned down immediately.
A lot of people were killed in the war.
If I had known his address, I would have written.
Did you feel the earth shake last night?
Mark was a work horse on his construction crew.
For him, that will be like taking candy from a baby.
May I bring my family along?
As quick as a wink.
Tom is the most diligent student in his class.
The Lions caught up in the 7th inning.
Mrs. Harris is very doubtful about her son's future.
Where would I find T-shirts?
Is anything up?
Have some lobster at any rate.
Please take another one.
You are wearing your socks inside out.
I saw a flash of lightning far in the distance.
Mary said to herself "What shall I do?".
Mind your own business.
Maybe I ought to expand the memory.
You are always wearing a loud necktie.
When did you come to Japan?
Our true nationality is mankind.
It's nothing but a kind of joke.
It has greatly improved compared with what it was.
Don't let your feelings show.
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.
We are both to blame.
I admire your courage.
Never hesitate to tell the truth.
Can you speak French?
To speak English well is difficult.
If I had had more time, I would have written to you.
Bob and Tom are brothers.
You should be more thoughtful of your safety.
How long will you be staying?
Don't repeat such a careless mistake.
We have to go by the rules.
All we have to do is to try our best.
Which company do you work for?
It will cost around fifteen dollars.
Milk will do you good. You'd better drink it every day.
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.
As soon as I left home, it began to rain.
I'm home, Mom!
I can't promise anything, but I'll do my best.
I was able to play piano very well.
You can get in touch with me at Hotel Landmark.
I was exhausted by a full day's teaching.
School begins in April.
I will not do that for the life of me.
There were countless stars in the sky.
Bill was adamant that she should obey him.
May I come to see you one of these days?
That's very sweet of you.
As a result of pollution, the lake is without any form of life.
Please put this into English.
It's neither good nor bad.
The station is situated between the two towns.
The rain was beating against the windows.
Then there is a problem...
The bus nearly ran over him.
Will you teach me how to play chess?
You need not have helped my son with his homework.
Why don't you come dancing with me?
The doctor felt his pulse.
He came in fifth in the race.
You ought to have come here earlier.
Most people think that gorillas are stupid. Is that true?
We argued with each other about the best place for a holiday.
Please sum up your idea.
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
It will cost 500 dollars to fly to Paris.
Nice weather added to our pleasure.
It has been raining for seven full days.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men by almost ten years.
A beam of sunlight came through the clouds.
May I do it right now?
Music gives sound to fury, shape to joy.
I hope your efforts will bear fruit.
I am counting on you to deliver the opening address.
Please, tell me.
Will you have another slice of pie? "Yes, please."
A great many people were opposed to gene therapy in terms of ethics.
Everybody loved the simple scholar.
The boat sank to the bottom of the lake.
They're only $50 with two cans of shoe polish free of charge.
Hurry or we'll never make the train!
I wouldn't like to be in his position, for all his wealth.
Upon arriving at the airport, he made a phone call to his wife.
Which one do you take?
Drinking beer refreshes me.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
If only we had a garden!
I was rereading the letters you sent to me.
The man waiting for the bus lost his temper.
Helen and Kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of Tokyo.
She likes animals, you know?
Mr Yoshida is too severe with his children.
The students performed Hamlet.
When we are small, everything seems so big.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No cross, no crown.
Every member of the cabinet was present.
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.
Look straight ahead.
Mr Brown is jealous of his colleague's success.
I studied his face for signs of weariness.
Have you turned off the gas yet?
We must always stand up for our rights.
There was no water in the well.
Sweet dreams!
You work hard.
Where's the nearest art gallery?
It is fun to swim in the sea.
If you move a step, and you will be a dead man.
Two sheets were on the bed.
What a pity!
That is a useful piece of information.
You're irresistible.
Do you know what this box is made of?
She'll do it as a matter of course.
Though she is rich, she is not happy.
Bread is made from flour, water, and often yeast.
Tom, who is kind, will be glad to do anything for me.
To understand it, you have only to read this book.
The doctor advised that my mother stay in bed for three more days.
A lot of fish perished.
Max explained to Julie why he could not go to her farewell party.
The primary aim of science is to find truth, new truth.
Musicians are usually sensitive to criticism.
I was too glad not to jump up.
On the whole I am satisfied with the result.
Whoever may say so, I don't believe it.
Will you give me something cold to drink?
Empty the drawer of its contents.
I'd do any damn thing for you.
What are you going to do after you leave school?
The tap is running.
It won't be long before we can start.
I walked up the hill.
I would like to come and see you.
It comes natural to him to speak French.
Let's clear out the attic.
You are too inquisitive about other people's affairs.
I'm alive all right, but don't ask where or how.
Germany was once allied with Italy.
I thought that would be a great idea.
If the accident happens, report to me.
Robert is content with his present position.
Born in better times, he would have become famous.
The meeting dragged on.
We have yet to learn all the facts.
Do you like movies?
How stupid he is!
Not feeling well, I stayed home on that day.
However, Bill said "banana."
The trains leave at two-hour intervals.
If his father wasn't there, he'd be poor right now.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.
It's too expensive!
Of course, I will go there with you.
Nowadays his father goes to work by car.
You are welcome to do anything you like.
English is studied in China, too.
No one man could do it.
I will tell you a secret.
The reporter criticized the politician.
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.
What time is it in London now?
My garden is filled with sweet-smelling blooms.
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.
Smoking has an ill effect upon health.
Your hair is too long.
It's a beautiful day!
As he grew excited, he spoke more and more rapidly.
The robbers fell on her there.
Eat whichever one you like.
Would you put out the candles?
There are a lot of different people in Europe.
Tom often goes fishing in the river.
No, he's not my new boyfriend.
He says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic.
Will you give me another glass of milk?
What's beside the desk?
The king was pleased with him at first.
Our work is almost over.
Napoleon's army lost the battle of Waterloo in 1815.
It might rain tomorrow.
On colder days, they curl up or dig a hole in the snow.
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.
I finally penetrated the meaning of the riddle.
No one encouraged her.
I must think about what to do.
Mr Hawk is a kind gentleman.
The driver maintained a high speed.
If only the doctor had come a little sooner.
The school adopted the new method of teaching English.
That church on the hill is very old.
You will feel better after a night's sleep.
How did you come to believe that?
Put it back in the nest.
The teacher told me that Hitler killed himself.
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.
In the first place we have to decide on the name.
I finally got a job.
The bus left early.
Study as hard as you can.
Staying home isn't fun.
Since there was no vacant seat on the bus, I stood the whole way.
Everyone considers Nomo a great pitcher.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
The rocket is in orbit around the moon.
I miss you.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
Exercise is vital for a dog.
Do you remember seeing me before?
Oh, don't watch television.
If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in business.
We abandoned the project because of a lack of funds.
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.
Don't read books in a dark place.
I'd like something to drink.
I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
There's no turning back.
Anyhow, I'm relieved the test is over.
I couldn't bring myself to take the job.
My life is hollow without him.
Two fat men trying to pass through a narrow doorway are in checkmate.
Please don't take it out, if possible.
It's a lovely day.
Have you ever gone to Venice?
Yumiko married a childhood friend last June.
The rainy season has set in.
I managed to find his office.
I got to the station only to find that the train had just left.
Lola danced with grace.
The public is the best judge.
Nancy looks like my sister.
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
The hill was all covered with snow.
There is a flower shop near by.
The supervisor enforced the rules here in this factory.
Bob was beside himself with joy.
I appreciate your request to reproduce 70 copies of my report.
Please say hello to Nancy if you see her at the party.
Let's take the utmost caution against errors.
Let's take a rest in the garden instead of indoors.
I have no idea to what extent I can trust them.
I am determined to be a scientist.
No matter where you may go, don't forget to write to me.
If we have not covered all the questions you asked, please inform us.
We arrived on the island two days later.
Don't tell me off like that.
Here is our answer to your fax message dated April 1st.
You don't have proper dignity as chief of the section.
Nothing will stop his going.
What would the world be without women?
Almost all the workers objected to working at night.
The students chose her chairman.
Tom walked across the street.
The rich have trouble as well as the poor.
I don't know how such a rumor got about.
What a fearful waste of money!
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.
Of course you can take it if you want.
We talked to each other for a while.
Put that knife down. You're making me nervous.
It was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure.
Come if possible.
How many people are there on the payroll?
Our house was robbed while we were away.
They say love is blind.
I cannot see you behaving like that.
Please think nothing of it.
I'm taking off now.
She managed to learn to drive a car.
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
The man standing by the door is a famous singer.
The strong should take care of the weak.
We have experienced many changes over the last decade.
What fruit do you want?
Low temperatures turn water into ice.
This is how it all came about.
If you learn English at all, learn it thoroughly.
Tom was sitting in the front of the bus.
Don't take that too literally.
Please be quiet, everybody.
What do you think of reggae?
Money talks.
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.
Education means something more than going to school.
Nara is a quiet and beautiful city.
Will you tell me the way to the station?
You managed it after all.
Each of them carried their own pack.
It was yesterday that Tom broke the window.
Don't look back on your past.
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
Are there any pens on the desk?
I beat him completely in the debate.
Mr Fujimori is famous all over the world.
Beauty without goodness is worth nothing.
What was the score at halftime?
Not knowing what to answer, I kept silent.
Indeed he is rich, but he is not reliable.
All you have to do is to join us.
The meeting was all but over.
I will help as much as I can.
I can't find Tim. Has he gone already?
The chairperson ordered silence.
It was clear that Hawking would live longer than was first thought.
I was nearly run over by a car.
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.
You don't know who I am.
The household was already awake at 6 in the morning.
Someone is at the door.
It's ideal weather for a picnic.
Is it sweet or sour?
What track for Boston?
Do not interfere with Tom while he is reading.
Rock appeals to young men and women.
How do you feel? he inquired.
The fastest runner can't run 100 meters in 9 seconds.
Not knowing where to get off the bus, I asked the driver.
It tastes very good.
We laid the injured man on the grass.
We took the enemy by surprise.
There is a bank in front of the hotel.
Good night. Sweet dreams.
This theory was founded on a scientific basis.
Let's take a taxi.
Please pick me up by car in front of the hotel.
It is no use your waiting for him.
It has my name on it.
I'll say no more.
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
They sabotaged my effort to make our class enjoyable.
New York is accessible by train from Washington.
We must keep down expenses.
Please just focus it.
Your questions were too direct.
The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
I have just finished my homework.
Fantasy is often the mother of art.
Stand the ladder against the wall.
It is nothing less than an invasion.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
You know the answer?
I think I'd better stay here.
The audience appeared bored.
The nurse anticipated all his wishes.
Ah! If I were rich, I'd buy myself a house in Spain.
I am considering how to settle the matter.
I feel very cold.
He was looking for it like a hunting dog.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple anymore.
It's foolish taking a taxi when you can easily walk to the station.
Mary has just come home.
The bucket is full of water.
You will need much more money than you do now.
Even though you don't like this, you must eat it.
You have bought more postage stamps than are necessary.
You must act in accordance with the rules.
Please be careful not to let the dog loose.
You should have started by now.
The picnic was a disappointment.
You must study English every day.
It was a casual meeting.
It's going to rain.
Since it's important, I'll attend to it.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
Mary's eyes were filled with tears.
At last, they ceased working.
It makes my head swim to hear you say that.
I've never seen so big a dog.
The manager bestowed a trophy on him.
Can you help me a little?
To my surprise, the noted psychologist was accused of a kidnapping.
I saw her just the other day.
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
London is on the Thames.
Patty exposed her back to the sun on the beach.
The opening ceremony took place on schedule.
Just after putting away the dishes, Joan heard the doorbell ring.
If you visit New York, you've just got to come and see our house.
Don't you even think of eating my chocolate!
The bell is ringing.
You have cleaned your shoes, haven't you?
All of the milk was spilled.
It's getting late. I don't wanna go home alone.
Smoking, please.
Everybody arrived dressed in their smartest clothes.
It was nice of you to come all the way.
We sang songs in chorus.
Can I call "Chargeit" and reserve?
Do you have a return ticket to Japan?
The doctor gave him the medicine.
Well, what sports do you like?
That was hard to believe.
Let me see a menu.
It was a flying saucer all right.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
It'd be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home.
We waited with faint expectation.
Tom became good friends with the elevator operator in their hotel.
Experience the sickening knotting of the stomach.
You are now among the elite.
You must begin with books like these that are easily understood.
We are exploring new sources, such as solar and atomic energy.
I will go even if it should rain heavily.
There is a bus every fifteen minutes.
It's an awful shame your wife couldn't come.
Suppose you are fired, what will you do first?
What shall I do for you?
It was impossible for him to take the picture in the dark.
Why does the US government let people have guns?
Every time we go hiking, he falls behind.
I am afraid to jump over the ditch.
Had you met her aunt before you married May?
Supply is relative to demand.
I thought I must do it.
I will wait till you have written the letter.
What a lovely doll!
Don't be too hard on me.
I ordered some new books from America.
Is there a place I can smoke?
Marine plants grow on the sea bed.
If you will come this way...
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.
What a darling outfit!
His home run excited the crowd.
I wanted to have finished it by the time school was over.
I'll meet you in the lobby at three.
A good coach trains this team.
At last the rats came to the river.
Please take me over to the other side.
It looks like Tom won the race.
You should make as much effort as possible in whatever you do.
The meeting was attended by many.
I still haven't heard from him.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
We can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.
You should keep away from bad company.
What's your home address?
I was bored because I had seen the movie before.
We painted the house once, then went over it again.
Roy fastened the medal with a pin.
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.
There are still barbarous nations.
You must take care not to break it.
Mary is said to have been a great singer in her youth.
It turned out true.
Just as we are talking, there was a loud explosion.
Tom's way of speaking got on my nerves.
Could you take me as far as my hotel?
I spilled coffee on your tablecloth.
I'm looking forward to seeing you before long.
We'll start whenever you are ready.
Robert enjoyed talking with his girlfriend.
I spoke to him in English and found I could make myself understood.
You look very charming today.
Hurry up. The train leaves in ten minutes. We don't want to miss it.
That is something you should not have said.
I got a lot of mosquito bites.
I would like a week off with pay.
There are footprints of a cat on the table.
The movie "Fight Club" has a surprise ending.
By the way, how many kids are going?
The cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
I'm sorry that you've been badly injured.
Walk slowly, and I will catch up with you.
In case of fire, call 119.
It's about time you got up.
We lost on that job.
I'm afraid I caught a cold.
It's a sunflower.
It was an exciting game.
One magazine is for boys, and another for girls.
Napoleon marched his armies into Russia.
I've just finished writing a letter.
The exchange rate for the yen against the dollar has risen.
The majority of the committee voted against the bill.
Time has passed very fast.
I will lend you whatever book you need.
Do you care for pop songs?
It was careless of him to make such a mistake.
What do you want to do in the future?
Paul blushed and turned away.
The clouds are getting darker; it's going to rain.
We are entitled to vote at the age of twenty.
Tom can ski as well as his brother.
How would you like to join the dance club?
If you come my way, drop in on me.
Are you happy in your house?
Why did you put off the printing of my book?
I'm leaving you tomorrow.
I didn't expect that to come from you.
Let's call Bill up.
Keep something for a rainy day.
I am not an artist. I never had the knack for it.
The boy singing a song is my brother.
If you want to be on time, you should be there by 11 o'clock.
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.
The price doesn't include consumption tax.
How long does it take to get to the stadium?
Those people contributed greatly to world peace.
We must continue to study as long as we live.
If necessary, I'll come at nine tomorrow.
The sky was completely dark.
My desktop has gotten cluttered.
Mike calls him Ned.
Everybody is waiting for you.
The buffet or the cafeteria is in Car 9.
Every man has his price.
The robber aimed his gun at the clerk.
Mr White is in charge of our class.
Sit tight.
The rumor turned out to be false.
How come you don't know this?
Do you like apples?
What are you about now?
Does he have general common sense?
Do you want to stay any longer?
He is no more a fool than you are.
The money on the desk is not mine.
There are movements to try to ban TV advertising.
The doctor advised me to drink more milk.
Books are popular with students.
I will not be dictated to by some idiot in the personnel department.
How do I open the hood?
It was an event that proved extraordinary.
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed.
Tom made Jill a new dress.
There is need for improvement in your handwriting.
Tony can run fast.
What do you believe is true even though you cannot prove it?
If it rains, the game will be canceled.
Tom is going to do something about it.
I'm afraid I took your umbrella by mistake.
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.
I had just finished my homework when Ted phoned me.
Tom can speak German as well as English.
Were there any glasses on the table?
Mike and Ken are friends.
Wherever you may go, you may find examples of his evil doings.
Did you watch the game?
To see you is always a great pleasure.
We would play baseball after school in those days.
Thank you in advance.
We naturally got excited.
Drive more carefully, or you will have an accident.
It's difficult to learn a foreign language.
What a wonderful invention!
We should deny our children things too sweet.
We seemed secure of victory.
The driver asked me which way to go.
Best of all, he learns things fast.
We all suspect him of murder.
I'm kind of sick today.
I like cold potato salad in the summertime.
You shouldn't have paid the bill.
There is a little water in the bottle.
Why have the apes evolved more than other animals?
Everybody laughed.
The parking spaces nearest the door are reserved for executives.
You must account for your neglect of duty.
If I gave no answer, I would not have spoken.
What do you mean by it?
Our interests conflict with theirs.
Is there a cat on the table?
Generally speaking, women are better linguists than men.
How long will we have to wait?
Go easy on the beer!
You shouldn't have done it.
If Grandma doesn't come, the children will be disappointed.
I am afraid I must be going now.
I learned to live without her.
In any event, I will do my best.
That's an incredible story.
We are all but ready for the cold winter.
It was so hot that I got into the shade and took a rest.
Don't hit me so hard.
Save for a rainy day.
No one can match him in English.
I decided that I was going to work as hard as I can.
Foreigners admire Mt. Fuji.
When he writes English, he often consults the dictionary.
Mike doesn't practice basketball on Monday.
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.
We smell with our noses.
I don't know if I still have it.
Tom will go there tomorrow.
The summer sun glared down on us.
You'd better try to assert yourself more.
No love is foul nor prison fair.
Having lost the game over and over again, he finally gave in.
Would you give me some travel brochures from your country?
It's quite distinct from the smell of burning.
A house is built on top of a solid foundation of cement.
Sorry to be so direct, but how much did you pay for this?
Having visited Rome many times, he knows it well.
Mary likes watching TV.
Korean food is generally very spicy.
The girl playing the piano is my sister.
However fast you may try to run, you will never beat a motorbike.
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.
Where communications fail, so do activities.
Can you figure out why the boss is so unfriendly this week?
Pan is a monkey that can spread butter on bread.
Would you explain it in more detail?
Lisa bears a grudge against Stan.
Put it down.
If you like dessert, you'll love Grandma's Kitchen!
I'll be sixteen years old next month.
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.
What a nice friend you are!
I will give you what help I can.
We'll borrow some money on the house.
Do you mind if I turn down the TV?
Wipe your face clean.
She arranges the buying and selling of houses in and around Deal.
The doctor examined the child and said she was healthy.
Work hard, or you'll have to take the same course again next year.
Well, let's make it some other time.
Mayuko was tired to death.
Please send me another copy.
The lamp on the desk had an out-of-kilter lampshade.
It's very rude of you to say a thing like that.
I ate nothing but bread and butter.
Americans would have responded differently from Japanese.
Could I check my bags?
Both Bill and Mac are crazy about computers.
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.
Whatever course you may take, you must do your best.
In case of fire, use the stairs.
My foot's asleep again!
Sit down on the bench.
You can come and see me whenever it's convenient for you.
Don't go out after dark.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
The conference went off according to the plan.
Can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is?
Is Okayama a big city?
The apples are ripe.
Who invented the telephone?
A fuse has blown.
Admission to students only.
At last, he gained his ends.
There were a great many people at the airport.
No one can find fault with our new plan.
Without telephones, it would be inconvenient.
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.
He would be glad to hear that.
Tell her which one to take.
Only a handful of people know the fact.
It is about the size of an egg.
It's the Fairmont bus.
Have you finished the work yet?
The more danger, the more honor.
Our company makes use of the Internet.
Yachts are for the wealthy few.
If anything, the economy in our country is going up.
That's your responsibility.
Have you met him yet?
As you have often been here before, show me around, please.
Do you know how to cook meat?
The hills are bathed in sunlight.
Classes are starting again soon.
You do not really understand a man till you have met him.
Let me go over the accounts again.
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.
All of us approved of the plan.
Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
Each person is a world.
The lion ripped the flesh from the dead giraffe.
Mr Ito will call the roll.
It is clever of her to solve such a difficult problem.
We were disappointed because we could not carry out our plan.
My throat feels dry.
My mom doesn't speak English very well.
We were caught in a storm.
You ought to get to work on time.
More often than not, famine is accompanied by plague.
It was a really exciting baseball game.
The doctor advised him to stop working too much.
You should avoid making such a mistake.
Are you doing what you think is right?
Few people know that Mr. Itsumi is from Kansai.
It goes without saying that camels are very useful in the Middle East.
Please keep yourselves calm.
The satellite is now in orbit.
It was nothing but the shadow of a tall tree.
Milk is of great value to babies.
Mary is the cuter of the two.
We are in for rain.
There's somebody here who did it, isn't there?
It is a great pleasure being with you.
I want to get rid of it.
Most students are preparing for the term examination.
I don't believe him any longer.
There's a blind man looking for a shadow of doubt.
Will you lend me your bicycle for an hour?
You are now old enough to support yourself.
I advise you to stop smoking.
We should try to obtain peace.
Is the school on this side of the river?
Bob made her his wife.
The weather is fine in London.
When you talk of the devil you will hear his bones rattle.
It was clear that Hanako did not wish to marry Taro.
Nancy enjoys indoor games.
Why do you blame me for what happened?
Who did you give it to?
Nobody argued against choosing him as chairman.
I never see her without wanting to kiss her.
His wife leads him by the nose.
I have a little money.
We will not bend to the will of a tyrant.
The sky has gradually clouded over.
Lock the safe.
It is time you left off your childish ways.
We all worked at the company by the hour.
I meant you no harm.
We see things differently according to whether we are rich or poor.
Do you not play tennis?
I'm trying to save room for dessert.
Tom is by no means unintelligent. He is just lazy.
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.
We felt relieved when we saw a light in the distance.
The fire broke out after the staff went home.
No one has been convicted of the crime yet.
However, you have to queue...
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
Please give me your permanent address.
Fortune is the rod of the weak, and the staff of the brave.
He can speak either English or French.
Could you send someone up to make the bed?
The rich sometimes despise the poor.
Walk slowly.
We cheered for him and chose him as our captain.
Such sports as tennis and baseball are very popular.
A man of straw is worth a woman of gold.
It is very hard to get rid of cockroaches from our house.
I can hardly walk.
You haven't changed at all.
Will you wait for us at the station?
Before long, she will be a good teacher.
I left my card at home.
Take hold of it. We're going to pull it.
Hello? Are you still here?
I'll consult a doctor as I have a bad cold.
I wanted to go there.
We showed him some pictures of the Alps.
The ball bounced up high.
Money is the root of all evil.
Can't you bring down the price a bit?
It is absolutely impossible.
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Mrs. Richards.
A truck came into contact with the bridge supports.
At any rate, I hope you can come.
Those who work hard will succeed.
My watch gains two minutes a month.
It's not worth remembering.
We will reap rich rewards later on in life.
No matter how rich, one should not live an idle life.
It is time you told her the truth.
You have only to follow the directions.
Where did you go last Sunday?
The students assembled in the classroom.
I'm tired of it.
We heard about your company from Mr Morris of Digital Com Company.
Did you make any New Year's resolutions?
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.
Bob seldom writes to his parents.
Did I tell you what Melissa said?
What would you like for dessert?
Bob is in the drama club.
The game was called off because it rained.
That gives me great pleasure.
A small stream ran down among the rocks.
They asked him.
It was wise of you to ask him for help.
Why ask me? Wouldn't it be better to do it yourself?
I admire your brave deed.
The evil spirit was driven away from the house.
Ted's really got computers on the brain.
Most of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.
Good traditions should be preserved.
A tiny object moved in the dark.
The roses are in bloom.
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
Try as they may, they will never succeed.
I had breakfast in pajamas.
I'm allergic to fish.
The committee are all present.
Roses smell sweet.
Music has settled her nerves.
The bank holds a mortgage on his building.
No one ever knew the true story except the three of us.
Da Vinci could see farther than others.
I seem to have caught a bad cold.
Why do people go to the movies?
Lie on your right side.
Language, as we know it, is a human invention.
Rainy days make me depressed.
Money is not a criterion of success.
First thrive and then take a wife.
Please give my regards to your father.
The date and place of the meeting have been fixed.
Please lock the door when you leave.
Unlock the door.
A third party makes off with the profits.
Speaking of television, what is your favorite show nowadays?
She's got a fair complexion while her brother is very dark.
Tom saw a play in the new theater.
We could see the sunset from the window.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat a little slower.
He must be stupid not to see such a thing.
Speak of the devil, here comes Kathy.
That is quite possible.
The accountant would not concede the mistake.
The party was a failure.
The settlement is a matter of time.
We crossed the lake in a boat.
The excited crowd poured out of the stadium.
What's the matter with you? she demanded.
We went by bus as far as London.
You like fruit.
Bees provide honey for us.
What did you buy this expensive dictionary for?
The left fielder ran hard and caught the long fly.
I've told you over and over again not to do that.
Teach me some kanji, please.
Boston is too cold for me, let alone Chicago.
Your composition has a few mistakes.
The forward kicked a goal.
Do you eat rice in your country?
Reading kills time on a train trip.
The cat listened to its steps.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
It is clear that Mike took the wrong bus.
It's better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
The TV news program help us keep up with the world.
Can I switch over from a sightseeing visa to a business one?
The maid came in bearing a cake.
Education shouldn't be aimed at passing a test.
The members of the family nursed the patient by turns.
That's very naughty of you.
I usually walk.
Doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer.
I don't know how I should do it.
It was three days ago.
Let me show you around our house.
I'll give you this camera.
The chili burnt my tongue.
Whose is the dictionary on the table?
My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
I don't drink much beer.
The senior citizens' spirits were high in spite of the bad weather.
It makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not.
The flowers are opening.
Unfair tariffs are imposed on foreign products.
When summer is over, the days grow shorter and shorter.
Hundreds of people were on the spot.
They were all sold out.
An izakaya is a Japanese-style pub.
I walked quickly so that I might catch the first train.
We made a pact that we wouldn't abandon one another.
We cannot tell which is better.
The pioneers met with many dangers.
This soup is exquisite.
I let down the rope.
Read as many books as you can.
I'm often half-asleep.
If it becomes stubborn indeed it stands alone.
It will be very important whether we win the battle or not.
It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
How did you find my house?
Maruyama Park is a place where a lot of people gather.
Football was played in China in the second century.
Balls are round.
May you and your family be happy.
I must put my ideas together before I take up a pen.
Cool the burned finger in running water.
By and by Mt. Fuji came into sight.
Merely to breathe does not mean to live.
Tony was happy.
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
New York is among the largest cities in the world.
What a heavenly dress!
All in all, this was a nice party.
The rain will revive this tree.
Please make yourself at home, and help yourself to some coffee.
Beside you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
I entered someone else's room by mistake.
What is most troublesome is the corruption of the best.
He reached his goal at last.
I'm glad you enjoy skiing, but I guess it's just not my cup of tea.
I want to get a sightseeing visa.
Evil is easy, and has infinite forms.
Meg agreed to Ken's plan.
We have snow in January.
Salt is a useful substance.
How about dropping in at the shop?
You wanted to tell me about freedom?
Don't you know that he passed away two years ago?
I wish I were younger.
Oxygen is needed for combustion.
The sky is as blue as blue can be.
I'm leaving it to you.
You should be true to your friends.
The tuna catch is declining.
Bill is my best friend.
It soon began to rain very hard.
The bus will take time.
Please tell me how to get to the airport.
The building on the hill is our school.
Make a handsome profit of one thousand dollars.
Urgent business has called him away.
Where were you?
How do you feel?
We had a slight difference of opinion.
We have known each other for many years now.
The meeting is ten days away.
It's been raining for around a week.
Did you do this on your own?
Three students. Here's my student ID.
Some people tried to dig the treasure out, but they couldn't.
I'm freezing.
Do you happen to know anything done by her alone?
Crying is of no avail.
Which boy is Masao?
If you are to do well in school, you must study hard.
Nancy didn't mind living abroad by herself.
There is a fork missing.
The brain is just a complicated machine.
When it comes to disco dance, I can't hold a candle to Susan.
Each has his own taste.
You're on the right track.
The watch you gave me doesn't keep time.
The batteries are extra.
Mummy cried.
Please inform me what options are available to me.
The clock in the church tower struck nine.
What other options do I have?
Don't worry about it!
However humble it is, there is no place like home.
We appreciate your continued support.
You should study hard so that you can pass the examination.
You always excuse your faults by blaming others.
The locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars.
We're in no danger now.
Do you like to be kept waiting?
What sort of work do you do?
A committee should apply the focus to the more concrete problem.
As is often the case, he was late for school.
Please tell me your address.
Do you know what UNESCO stands for?
I'm afraid there's been some awful news.
Don't do anything by halves.
Accidents will happen in the best-regulated families.
You should live up to your principles.
Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.
We students are now at our best.
She was vaccinated against polio.
It's for my personal use.
Good news was in store for us at home.
Take whichever flower you like.
It is nothing to me.
Lisa, keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy our train tickets.
I'll pay by cheque.
A great man doesn't care about his appearance.
May you live long!
It's about time for him to get here.
We must all take care to preserve our national heritage.
I'm sick and tired of his lack of taste.
The TV antenna broke away in last night's storm.
Where can you get a part-time job?
Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
Generally, who visits their parents more, sons or daughters?
I'm going to save more money.
I prefer cigarettes smoked on the porch.
I don't think I'll be able to hold in my anger any longer.
Have you ever been to Hawaii, Takuya?
We have every advantage over them.
The council began at 9:00 and should be finished by 10:45.
He was arrested by police after a TV chase in Osaka.
Generally speaking, the Englishman is not curious about others.
What a good idea!
So the captain took care of him.
To our disappointment, our team lost the game.
Lying and stealing live next door to each other.
Hold the rope.
It has some bearing on this problem.
Dinner will be ready soon.
We were all amused with the comedy.
The number of students going abroad is on the increase.
There are seven of us.
I would like to go to France.
After a long absence he came back.
Though Mike likes his job very much, it does not pay well.
Having no will is the worst handicap.
Yokohama is the city in Japan with the second largest population.
A single room with bath, please.
Bill resembles his father in character.
It is surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
Money will make the pot boil.
Please show it to me again.
Unless you hurry, you will be late for school.
New York is sometimes referred to as the melting pot of races.
It was such an interesting book that I read it in a day.
The rain was dripping through a leak in the roof.
I can't buy a book this expensive.
Swimming in the ocean is my greatest pleasure.
I really enjoy the climate.
It is abnormal to eat so much.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
I have a cat and a dog.
The strong winds were blowing.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
Nobody can get along with such a person.
Do you think that you can put your idea into practice?
Let's try something.
Where is the laundry?
There is little wine left in the bottle.
Tom owes what he is today to his wife.
We stopped over in Athens on our way to Paris.
Mary was wearing a black sweater when I met her.
The first snow came before long.
Unable to bear her miseries, she ran away from her husband.
If he has time, he will come.
I didn't know you cared!
We enjoyed watching the game.
Maybe, but he wants me to stop cold turkey.
Mike managed to carry the suitcase by himself.
I am against the war, of course.
What you say is neither here nor there.
Our generation has seen a lot of changes.
I'll see if he is in.
The rain shows no sign of stopping.
The boy rowing the boat is a friend of mine.
I lost my wife last year.
What you need is, in a word, patience.
We eat a meal three times a day.
Would you say it once more?
Who doesn't know this problem?!
Until next time.
The European likes to drink wine.
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind on the train.
We enjoyed our travels in Europe.
Our views are in agreement with theirs as to the essential points.
The doctor advised him to ease up on alcohol.
The addition of salt greatly improved the flavor.
Didn't you hear her speaking French?
People who are unconscious can't say they want to die.
At any rate, I can go out when it stops raining.
Does it have a toilet?
School starts next Monday.
You can go to the station by bus.
Tom made Jill his secretary.
The well has run dry.
Because of the rain, the audience at the concert was small.
His classmates felt for him deeply.
Any student can solve this problem.
It is foolish of me not to think of that.
If you hurry, you will soon overtake her.
The candle was blown out by the wind.
Our company wants to take part in that research project.
Harry left his family 200 million yen when he died.
Mike and his sister can speak French, but they can't speak Japanese.
I would like to retract my previous statement.
Where do you want to go?
I hope I can manage to make both ends meet.
We have to transmit our culture to the next generation.
How many engineers took part in the conference?
We take it for granted that television exists.
I'm sorry for what I did.
You should be more careful.
How's your project coming along?
What do you learn Spanish for?
I came near to being drowned.
We must prevent a war by all possible means.
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.
Uh, now it's really weird...
Students of English often mix up the words 'lie' and 'lay'.
Our boat drifted to shore on the tide.
Yes, my name is Karen Smith.
No matter what happens, I am prepared.
Please pass it to the other friends.
At home we subscribe to the Asahi Shimbun.
Who are those guys?
Our dog buries its bones in the garden.
He can afford the time to play the guitar though.
The streets are laid out quite well.
Do you know of any inexpensive stores?
Mr Brown gave me your name.
Kato asked him many questions about the United States.
I blush for you.
It is anything but big.
You can enter the library freely.
We must keep up with the times.
Reports are due next Monday.
Do you know who he is?
Your income is about twice as large as mine.
None of us are related to the problem.
Could you put it in plain language?
He is not such a fool that he doesn't know it.
Russian is very difficult to learn.
Tony is a very tall boy.
I want to eat some cake first.
Thank you very much for driving me all the way to my house.
Kyoto has many places to see.
I sighed with relief to hear it.
It would be better to try.
We all shall die sooner or later.
Roy looks happy when his girlfriend calls him.
As the train was crowded, I kept standing all the way to Kyoto.
Speak your mind.
I am ashamed of myself.
She doesn't want to talk about it.
Mary has not started yet.
Why are you panting so?
Those homeless people are living hand-to-mouth.
If she'd set off now, she would make it on time.
Maybe he has lots of girlfriends.
What are you staring at?
I need to put some gas in the car, as it's almost empty.
Why didn't you dance with him?
Whom are you speaking of?
Put it back where you found it.
We returned to Honolulu on April 2.
What are you laughing at?
He said that if he had much money, he would buy the dictionary.
Teaching demands a lot of patience.
Get to the point!
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.
As soon as he arrived at the airport, he phoned his office.
I took it for granted that you were on my side.
Lincoln ordered that all the slaves in the country should be set free.
Bob must have had an accident.
It is a long lane that has no turning.
You should make sure of the fact without hesitation.
Do you like rap?
The patriots stood up for the rights of their nation.
For a while, I was really into cola, drinking it every day.
We often associate black with death.
Lisa speaks not only English but also French.
Lisa, this is Mr Murata. He's my boss.
A heavy snow fell in Kyoto for the first time in ages.
Keep away from the fire.
It was the most beautiful sight that he had ever seen in his life.
Money is the last thing he wants.
You are old enough to behave yourself.
Sometimes the game lasted all day.
Oysters don't agree with me.
Wash up.
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
Help yourself to a drink.
All cats are grey in the dark.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
Linda loves chocolate.
Not all the students were present in class.
I wonder what has made him change his mind.
We can normally conceal our thoughts from others.
It is fortunate that you have such parents.
Have you eaten dinner yet?
He ought to be punished if he committed a crime.
I delivered identical twins.
To begin with, you must know yourself.
When did you learn of Mary's divorce?
Will you keep my valuables for me, please?
Some books are worth reading over and over again.
You may as well ask for your teacher's advice.
The volcano is belching out flames and smoke.
I had enough sense to get out of there.
A Mr Miller wants to see you.
I was a first year student last year.
I have a high regard for the integrity of our mayor.
Are you students at this school?
To my amazement, it disappeared in an instant.
Pipe down, otherwise you will be hauled out.
I would rather sit reading in the library than go home.
I hear he met with some kind of misfortune while he was in Europe.
We are free from danger.
What do you think about it?
It's a common mistake.
Mary understands Chinese.
What exactly does that mean?
Takeshi hopes to go to London to study English.
The patient was recovering daily.
Have you applied for a passport yet?
How do you want your hair cut?
Try to fulfill your duty.
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.
Helen telephoned me that she had arrived in London safely.
What does it refer to?
He took a week off.
Cows supply us with many things we need.
I should like to speak to Mr Brown, please.
How did you get to know him?
It won't be long before everything is ready.
We had no alternative but to fight.
Tom is not able to drive a car.
How do you account for the fact?
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.
There are few, if any, such men.
The drawer won't open.
It was stupid of me to believe that!
Not that I have any objection.
All sold out!
French is taught by Mr White, not by Miss Green.
I liked this film.
The sooner you return, the happier your father will be.
Seen from the sky, the bridge appears more beautiful.
Are you mad that you should do such a thing?
I haven't met him even once.
We are in agreement on this subject.
Boxing has been defined as the art of hitting without being hit.
Students are apt to waste time.
The sea indented the coastline.
What... you still don't know how to drive?
What's worrying you?
You should distinguish between right and wrong.
I'll help you as soon as I've done that.
Finally, he gave in to my persuasion.
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?
There is a bus stop near by.
The glory of New York is its museums.
We must concede that we committed an error.
Your selfishness will lose you your friends.
There's no need to get so angry. Keep your temper.
Every now and then, I play tennis for recreation.
Bicycles are tools for urban sustainability.
I know how you feel.
Direct flights between New York and Tokyo commenced recently.
You are really full of curiosity, aren't you?
You are not consistent.
It is next to impossible.
English is spoken by more people than any other language.
I met old friends by the dozens.
The time will come when you will be sorry for it.
Family members should not compete against each other.
Don't raise my hopes like that.
Bank lending is rising because of lower interest rates.
No offense was meant.
And if I lose thy love, I lose my all.
I cannot get the lid off.
I have no money on me.
Now I have to leave, they're calling for my flight.
I have to get a new computer.
His legs were trembling from fear.
You aren't a spy, are you?
You may go or stay at will.
It is something like a ball.
She acted as if she knew French well.
You had better go to bed now.
Dr. Patterson also uses spoken language with Koko.
I will give you the money tomorrow.
Let's get home before this rain gets any stronger.
Diamond is essentially hard.
What is the easiest way to learn English?
I met with an old friend of mine at the station.
Safety is what matters most.
I like playing tennis and golf.
You're always criticizing me!
Mary has as attractive a personality as her sister.
I'd like to rent a car.
Henry was not at home, as is often the case with him.
I had been to the hospital before you came.
Nylon stockings often run.
Meg acquired many new friends.
That will let you blow off steam.
Doctors and nurses must preserve life at all costs.
Can I stay at your place? I have nowhere to go.
We will purchase a new car next week.
What made you think that my favorite color was green?
I don't think you can gain his ear.
That is another matter.
Is there an information counter?
Down came a shower of rain.
However, my father used to fool around with women a lot.
The bus rocked heavily up and down.
Give me chapter and verse.
That game is easy, once you learn the basic rules.
At last a good idea struck me.
Is that a common name?
When it comes to learning English words by heart, nobody can beat him.
What is the common language in Peru?
We can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill.
The USSR will only use air strikes in the country as a last resort.
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.
You should not think little of this result.
All were satisfied.
Correct the mistake and return the file to Mr Luxemburg.
I'm busy at the moment.
Nancy has a piano.
Tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job.
The leader should know where to set up the tent.
There's no need to speak so loud.
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.
I gave him what little money I had.
My host family often advises me.
The number of mistakes is ten at most.
Let's study a specific example.
It was wise of you to take your umbrella with you.
You're just running away from life's problems.
Why did they come to believe in such a religion?
It was nothing but a joke.
Someone has left a bag on the bench.
Look about you.
We have a lot of sympathies in common.
The rear-view mirror fell off.
Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
That was an evil bunny.
It is interesting that no one noticed that mistake.
Where are your things?
Isn't it a lovely morning?
There is a slight chill on the party.
It is cheaper to go by bus.
The very opposite is the truth.
You may as well begin at once.
How long will you stay here?
A fence runs around the house.
Where is the counter to pay my bill?
The label is attached to the trunk.
We should do our best.
I've never been abroad.
I did nothing during the holidays.
We've gotten into this fixed pattern.
Well, you can't.
Everyone was enjoying the journey.
The flowers are still in bloom.
Any input would be appreciated!
Where is the fat located?
We make grapes into wine.
The boat was cast ashore.
I'd like to have a single room with a bath for two nights.
The phenomenon of interest is in itself, a most interesting subject.
Say what you will, I will act on my own judgement.
Who do you think will be chosen?
What will you have to drink?
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
We had a very good time last night.
Somebody is playing the piano. It must be Ann.
I often have post-nasal drip.
Each student has expressed his opinion.
Any child knows it.
We felt the house shake.
May I go out to play?
I think his wife is going out of town.
The brake stopped working.
I will be your guarantor.
The deterioration of corporate earnings has yet to bottom out.
What is that building whose door is painted white?
What put it in your head to come here now?
Tom got wet to the skin and caught cold.
Pull into shape after washing.
The perfume of roses filled the room.
Put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox.
Bill was singled out for a special award.
The milk was diluted with water.
First of all, I have to call on Jim.
Would you pass me the salt, please?
Could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town?
I don't want to wait that long.
No matter what the excuse is, he is to be blamed.
Give me an accurate report of what happened.
You must study hard.
Do not bother to come to my home.
We crept toward the enemy.
Please spit.
You had better try buttering him up first.
I little dreamed of seeing you here.
The bus leaves every fifteen minutes.
Accidents will happen.
Well, it wasn't all that bad.
After the revolution, France became a republic.
Allen is a poet.
The professor seemed to be lost in thought.
What with fatigue and lack of sleep, he has fallen ill at last.
Nancy studied hard.
I give my pledge that I will quit smoking.
Don't leave here until you have done it.
But for you I'll always be insignificant.
You have a good chance to get well.
How did you make it?
A host of friends came to see me off.
I'm going to get more exercise.
Maria's late husband was a violinist.
Only a few people showed up on time for the meeting.
Rex was a monster of a dog.
Try on another one.
Sound travels very quickly.
In the first place, you all have to pay a debt first.
I seem to have a fever.
Go where you will, you can't hope for success without effort.
It's a shot in the arm.
How far is it from here to the city?
I don't know how, but I just picked it up naturally.
I cannot for the life of me remember where it was.
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
Please turn off the television.
Never confuse opinions with facts.
I'll just go for a walk to clear my head.
Could you tell me the way to the station, please?
It is by no means an easy job.
This side of the house catches the morning sun.
He lost his position just because he refused to tell a lie.
It is you that is to blame for it.
Let it be done at once.
Not a sound was to be heard in the concert hall.
I jumped for joy.
At last he yielded.
I wish you would take me to a restaurant for a change.
Nuclear power plants are dangerous, not to mention nuclear weapons.
Nikita Khrushchev was at the height of his powers.
I'll fix you up for the night.
Cover your head when you are in the sun.
The day is breaking soon.
I didn't take part in the conversation.
I'll drop if I don't sit down.
Please give me the number for Mr Brown.
Have you eaten your dinner already?
Which would you rather do, go to the cinema or stay at home?
What should I say?
I got him to help me when I moved the furniture.
We need to nourish our spirit.
We think that there should be no more wars.
Tony carved his name on a tree with a knife.
Write with pen and ink.
It was so cold I clung to the blanket all day.
I will go along with you as far as the station.
Bad treatment fanned his dislike to hate.
Finally, I finished a painting.
In the event of rain, the game will not be held.
I have a card up my sleeve.
I cannot agree to your proposal.
The summer grass covers the ground.
Did you go to the doctor?
Mr White and I are not friends, only acquaintances.
Nobody was to be seen on the main street.
I'd like a quote for the following.
New York is a huge city.
Stop it! You're making her feel uncomfortable!
How shall I put it?
Please have a try.
Are you going to take part in the English speech contest?
I dare say you are right.
In short, he is a man of great ability.
Hold the racket tight.
Fred told his wife about the goals that he wanted to accomplish.
It's very difficult to communicate with people from other cultures.
I'm planning to stay at the Hillside Hotel.
Bob stared me in the face.
Let's just wander and see where it takes us.
I'll get in touch with you soon.
English is taught almost all over the world today.
Tom showed interest in the plan.
Who can survive after a nuclear war?
Aoi dances.
We should respect our parents.
It is not acceptable to our moral code.
The sea came into sight.
Everywhere you go, you will find the same scenery.
I'd like to check out. Could you call the bellboy?
If he comes, so much the better.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
Germany made an alliance with Italy.
You may go anywhere you like.
Everyone must keep the law.
Didn't I lend you some books? I'm sure I did.
Betty killed her.
So I'll get you something to eat.
We're looking forward to seeing you again.
We will start at two o'clock if it has stopped raining by that time.
Mr Yoshimoto taught us many trivial matters.
As was often the case with him, he came late.
I didn't know where it came from.
Bring me a bucket of water.
Hiroshi is sawing the wood into boards.
It is time I left here.
Squirrels are quick of movement.
You know where the problem lies.
Tom is lying ill in bed.
Like father, like son.
Far from hesitating, she willingly offered to help me.
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.
I am sorry I have imposed so much on you.
I was afraid it would not work out well and sure enough it failed.
Do you enjoy making me feeling like the dead?
I'm looking forward to it.
I will take you for a swim.
Take the one you like best, whichever it is.
Fifty-two per cent of British women prefer chocolate to sex.
There is a gold coin.
Dr. Patterson: Sure. Do you know about Koko's love for cats?
What led you to believe so?
Our team played an even game with team "S".
I will not go to the length of saying such things.
Your book is on the desk.
On one hand he is kind, but on the other hand he is lazy.
When did you get up?
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like you to listen to my opinion.
Hitomi looked very happy.
The word processor on the desk is my father's.
You used to smoke, didn't you?
Could you please repeat it slowly?
No sooner had we entered the hall than the ceremony began.
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.
We expect him to succeed.
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?
A button has come off the coat.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Osaka.
I got lost when I visited you for the first time.
We could have bought the car with a little more money.
Well, just you wait and see.
The vase broke into fragments.
Bill brought me a glass of water.
Where will the bus pick us up?
Such a thing has happened many a time to me.
You better believe it.
You have a lot of nerve!
Oh please, believe me.
The fire started in the bathhouse.
I held up my hand to stop a taxi.
Picasso is an eminent painter.
There aren't many good tunes coming out nowadays.
The bus left five minutes ahead of time.
You can invite any person you like.
By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?
You must be hungry after school is over.
The man you met at the station is my father.
You have foul breath.
Don't get off the bus till it stops.
Everybody knows the news.
Either you or your brother is wrong.
Have you any further questions?
Everyone and everything moved much faster now than before.
The TV newscast informs us of daily news.
I burned my forefinger on fire tongs.
Lucy made her parents happy.
If anyone should phone, say I'll be back at one o'clock.
I'm coming with you.
I must offer you an apology for coming late.
You shouldn't go to school.
Don't give up the fight.
Please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
When the rain stopped, the game of tennis was continued immediately.
Anyway, I disagree with your opinion.
When you want cooperation, share the work among many hands.
Bill is not as tall as Bob.
In addition to English, he speaks German.
You are too much letter-bound.
Tom goes to school on foot.
You can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
Bill is the more clever of the two brothers.
The game will be called off if it rains tomorrow.
The damages are estimated not to exceed a million yen at the worst.
A driver is deeply attached to his old car.
I wish to see my father.
If there is anything you want, don't hesitate to ask me.
Can the meeting be finished within two hours?
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
Betty can't tell right from wrong.
It matters little what you do.
Money ruins many.
If only I had a pretty dress like that!
Why did she come home early?
Mind your own business!
We went due north.
Can you make out why John left so suddenly?
You should not speak about others behind their backs.
It is better to be stung by a nettle than pricked by a rose.
Mac helped me carry the vacuum cleaner.
I don't understand why she is opposed to my opinion.
You can use this car.
Come what may, I am prepared for it.
Mr White called his assistant over and said the following:
Slow down or you're going to work yourself sick.
Milk is made into butter and cheese.
Which is stronger, a tiger or a lion?
Get into your pajamas.
He was a stock-market tycoon until the bears got him.
It was yesterday evening when it began to rain.
Don't let that happen again!
We made him go there.
Are the party preparations okay?
I often think about the place where I met you.
Whatever happens, you have to stay calm.
Avoid crossing this street when it is raining.
Whoever told you such a ridiculous story?
He's a good person.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't change my mind.
Someone is at the front door.
Every nation has its peculiar character.
Many stars were shining in the heavens.
Please hurry, it's urgent.
Every little bit helps.
I need some good advice.
Tom married an older girl.
The party ended with a speech by the host.
We fired guns at the enemy.
No, no, no!
You don't say.
It should not be possible for us to enjoy them.
How was your test?
Press the red button if something strange happens.
Everyone called out to the singer for an encore.
The train was just on the point of starting when I got to the station.
May I accompany you to the airport?
I love that chair.
Stand back, please.
What on earth did you take me for?
It's useless to keep on thinking any more.
He must be crazy that he should do so.
It's not until you have met him that you really understand a man.
Seeing that he is still sick, he is unlikely to come today.
Did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license?
That is why he failed the exam.
Your birthday is drawing near.
No gain without pains.
Paris has a great charm for Japanese girls.
The royal palace was built on a hill.
It was just an accident that we met at the store.
The well ran dry.
Be a man ever so rich, he should be diligent.
Is Mike off the bottle?
I'm going out for a while.
Meg looks pleased with her new dress.
He deceives others with his appearance.
Rub salt in the wound.
To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights. "You are a coward!"
Hurry up. We've little time to waste.
I waited for an hour, but he didn't appear.
Seen from a distance, the stone looks like a human face.
Stop beating around the bush and give it to me straight!
While waiting for the bus, I was caught in a shower.
We were glad when we saw a light in the distance.
One must be careful in doing anything.
It's just a little further.
I often feel extremely exhausted.
We ordered pink, but we received blue.
I didn't go out because it was very cold.
Tom got a small portion of pie.
I would as soon stay where I am as go to such a place.
Dick had a traffic accident.
Where's the checkout counter?
The doctor told him to rest at home, which is advice he followed.
A number of people die in traffic accidents.
You'll never be alone.
I like tennis very much.
It's shameful, the way he wastes money.
Nick looks down on anyone who comes from a rural area.
How many books can I take out at one time?
Too much drinking will make your life a ruin.
You had better study English thoroughly.
Paris is the capital of France.
We got all the materials together.
Do you like fish?
If you hear anything new from him, please let me know about it.
Even if it should rain, I will start tomorrow.
Were there any stars in the sky?
Musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained.
Fish have stopped living in this river.
Tom would often play jokes on the teacher.
I had an argument with Tom about the use of marijuana.
It is in fact your fault.
There are millions of stars in the universe.
I was agreeably surprised.
Our feelings towards him are mixed.
If it were not for air and water, nothing could live.
I have nothing further to say.
After a storm comes a calm.
That's common sense.
It is easier to hit on people on the Internet than in the street.
European currencies weakened against the dollar.
He really turns me off.
You opened up my eyes to what it's like when everything is right.
The doctors wore white masks over their mouths and noses.
The victims of the hurricane have not tasted food for three days.
Turning right, you'll find the hospital on your left.
He is allergic to house dust.
We're getting nowhere with those problems.
A burnt child fears the fire.
Blackie makes a lot of noise while he eats.
So I put the book away.
Green suits you.
No one can determine the amount of money we waste in a year.
I prefer coffee to tea.
Don't break a mirror.
Tom stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
Would you like me to get you a cab?
You are wanted on the phone, Mike. It's Jane.
Most boys know his name.
They filled them with straw to make them round and hard.
It is easy to love, but hard to be loved.
The site of the condominium is enclosed with stakes.
Here are your keys.
Try as you may, you can't do it in a day.
We will welcome whoever wants to come to the party.
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.
When will you complete the preparations?
Please bring your plan up at the meeting.
Flight 101 from Paris arrived one hour ahead of time.
No matter what you may do, you must do your best.
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful.
How tall are you?
Does Tom have to write the letter today?
Greta chugged the beer in one gulp.
The number of the front desk is No 1.
As to onomatopoetic expressions, we find interesting examples in Hopi.
Although Bob was in disguise, I recognized him at a glance.
The radio is too loud. Turn the volume down.
If you do that, you're going to subject yourself to ridicule.
It will be winter before long.
We prepared for an attack.
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
Bill has many friends.
I managed to finish the book.
Why are you visiting the United Kingdom?
What did you do with my glasses?
Would you like some more cake?
I would like mine rare.
What kind of people do you like best?
Fair enough!
Cheese and butter are products made from milk.
What doctors should do is to save lives and fight against death.
If you were footing the bill, you wouldn't say that.
Our tax system is still without coherent philosophy.
No matter how hard you try, the result will be the same.
We've decided to start next Sunday.
It is time to go to bed.
Bad as it was, it could have been worse.
How's your summer vacation going?
Mr White arrives in Tokyo at 10:30.
I'm willing to do the job if you cooperate.
Strangely, the number of students is decreasing each year.
A burglar broke into the bank last night.
I was appalled at the sight.
Linda stood up to sing.
My job search is really going rough. I don't have any connections.
You should stay in bed.
I think he is a doctor.
There are several spelling errors in your essay.
We tried again to bump off the politician, but couldn't do it.
You are now quite at home in English.
What is the language spoken in Mexico?
Who painted these pictures?
It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV.
We shouted in order to warn everyone of the danger.
I'm sure of your success.
It will not be long before it rains.
It's not a road, but a path.
That is not your knife.
Do you take travelers' checks?
Being in a room full of smokers is my pet peeve.
How did this misunderstanding ever arise?
There is a chance that he will pass the exam.
Tom was called down by his boss for coming late to work.
The police came as soon as they heard the gunfire.
Who is the girl standing at the door?
Do you speak Italian?
Do you care for sweets?
Will you let me see you again?
I wish I were rich.
Making good grades requires studying hard.
You must inform your superior of the results.
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
If he should arrive late, you may start the conference without him.
Can I exchange yen for dollars here?
It is too dark to play outside.
We have some pressing problems to solve.
All you have to do is apologize for being late.
Flowers soon fade when they have been cut.
The congregation was moved by the fine sermon.
To weep is to make less the depth of grief.
Let's take advantage of the bargain sale and save money.
I want to do it myself.
He thought someone had put poison in his soup.
We cannot necessarily see the star with the naked eye.
We climbed up the mountain, but with difficulty.
If it should rain tomorrow, we would go by bus.
Tom made some mistakes in the test.
I am not to blame any more than you are.
We should sometimes expose our bodies to the sun.
Please be so kind as to show me the way to the station.
Let it hang.
I was caught in a shower just now.
Tom has no manners.
Let's discuss your love problems on the way back from school.
Too much smoking tends to injure the voice.
The maid arranged the knives and forks on the table.
I created a shortcut on the desktop.
If he will not work hard, he will be fired.
Thank you very much for coming so far to see me off.
Can't you tell right from wrong?
I don't want to identify myself with that group.
Maria has long hair.
What time will you leave?
Education aims to develop potential abilities.
It is said that smoking is bad for your health.
Each boy has a bike.
Which side is batting?
Cut it out!
Pardon me for saying so.
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It's so annoying!
You should take advantage of this chance.
It was a pity that Tom couldn't come to our party.
I'd rather go swimming.
Let's play some video games to kill time.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
It is computed at 10,000 yen.
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.
If the number of cars increases, so will the traffic.
Ben spread a rumor about me out of malice.
It will soon be possible for us to go direct to New York by air.
No one can help me.
And, they've already torn up the garden.
New York is called the Big Apple.
I read the whole book in one evening.
It waited, silently.
You will debase yourself with such behavior.
Don't yield to any temptation.
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.
I sprained my finger while playing volleyball.
The robber attacked her on a back street.
The stock market has dropped today.
Each way of sleeping is likely to produce a different kind of adult.
Local shops do good business with tourists.
Roast beef is usually accompanied by Yorkshire pudding.
When did you come back from Germany?
I had the boy carry my bag.
The doctor arrived in time to save her.
Many yachts are in the harbor.
I saw a lady go through the gate without showing her ticket.
I wasn't being mindful and got on a wrong bus by mistake.
What's your relation with him?
We should read as many books as possible.
How do you cook this fish in France?
It is all I want to do.
Let me have your suggestion as to what I am to say.
Reporter: Can you give me an example?
I had a little chat with John after the meeting.
Bill replaced Jim as captain.
Lincoln was a great statesman.
We cannot sleep well on summer nights.
The company is in deficit.
That is a fine excuse.
She had been ill for a week when the doctor was sent for.
We met along the way.
I've just come back.
Get up as early as you can.
I avoid crossing the street here if I am in a hurry.
This is the town I told you about.
Your secret will be safe with me.
It is not wise to put your money on a horse.
They were about 25 cents a pound cheaper.
How many people are now living in poverty?
We would ask you to give us a price reduction of 5%.
I had a nutritious breakfast.
Is there a McDonald's near here?
Let's ally ourselves to that group.
The alternative possibilities are neutrality or war.
Take whichever one you like.
The company managed to keep afloat.
You must start at once.
Many men went west in search of gold.
It was hunger that impelled him to crime.
No matter what happens, I will never change my mind.
I would like to place an order for the following.
I met a certain gentleman at the station.
I've left my watch at home.
Love your neighbors.
These flowers should be sheltered from the rain.
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
It was a most beautiful flower.
Instead of going to school, he stayed at home.
Do you like listening to music or singing songs?
Anyhow, let's begin.
The rules must be few, and what is more important, simple.
It is getting dark outside.
He might have lost his way.
It is not necessary for you to take his advice if you don't want to.
You are too critical of others' shortcomings.
Everything points to his guilt.
It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
We could hear the donnnng ... donnnng of the church bells nearby.
We have to clear the snow off the roof.
In which folder did you save the file?
Since I was thirsty, I drank water.
Tom puts too much sugar in his tea.
You cannot be too careful when you drive.
Show me what you have in your pocket.
The hunter aimed a shotgun at the flock of birds.
At last, the truth became known to us.
Soon the sound died away.
I don't know when Bob came to Japan.
To my surprise, he has failed.
Tell me where the meeting will be held.
The doctor advised my father to give up smoking.
They set off fireworks with a great bang.
I look forward to seeing you again.
Helen reviewed the day's happenings.
It was so thrilling and real fun.
I obtained the painting at an auction.
Good morning, everybody.
What do you do to pass the time?
In general, Susie is a nice student.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
The bank will cash your fifty dollar check.
The bank isn't open on Sundays.
Tama sometimes goes for a walk by himself.
Who's that boy standing at the door?
We must instill patriotism into the young people of today.
No, that's all.
Thoughts of hope, dreams I'll never find.
Love of money is common to all men.
Who is the man playing the piano?
You have been a great mentor to me.
Doctors are fighting against disease.
You could have solved this puzzle with a little more patience.
I don't like coffee.
I don't understand much about it.
What were you doing when it began to rain?
Basically, I agree with your opinion.
Most boys like computer games.
What trifles are you making a great fuss about?
A terrible day.
I had to fix the toaster.
There were two abstentions.
That's what I said all along.
I'd like to travel first-class.
English abounds in idioms.
Making use of fire may be regarded as man's greatest invention.
We are not cold in the house.
We must sow the seeds of mutual understanding.
It is foolish of you to say such a thing.
Oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it.
I prefer traveling by train to flying.
You must be a fool.
Tonight we're going to church.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
Playing tennis is easy for me.
By the way, have you heard from him lately?
What's the matter, dad? Why are you grimacing like that?
You had better not go there again.
Don't bother me with such trifles.
How long do you think it will take to go to the airport?
After much effort, he ended up with a contract.
The students sat still all the time.
I'm proud of you.
Not knowing what to do, I was at a loss.
A girl stood there crying.
The pencil which writes well is mine.
You are very fortunate that you have such friends.
I'll give up smoking.
Why didn't you believe me?
Of course I can drive a car very well.
Marina Giles left England with her husband in just this frame of mind.
Nancy cannot have read this book.
Do you happen to know a man by the name of Brown?
That's Tom's house with the red roof.
Cattle feed on grass.
How about going for a swim?
Hawaii is known as an earthly paradise.
I think we should do some more.
I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh.
It was a problem difficult to solve.
She felt like crying upon hearing that.
I got it free.
Why do you want to buy this book?
A short stroll along the beach gave me a good appetite for breakfast.
We must make a close analysis of the causes of the accident.
Okay, let's go.
You despise Nick, don't you?
I felt the sweat trickle down my brow.
Hasn't he looked at himself in a mirror?
We expect much of him.
I had a feeling that something dreadful was happening.
We believe in Buddhism.
You must forgive me.
During summer breaks, I ate dinner at midnight.
I'm getting a new house built.
You must learn step by step.
She allowed him to go alone.
Your smile always makes me happy.
You may as well go yourself.
Have you got any plans?
You've given me your cold.
I couldn't run from the past.
It seems that something is wrong with the computer.
The boss could not approve of what one of his men did.
Bill disagreed with his classmates on every subject.
I will see him after I get back.
Can you explain why our team lost?
I'll be glad to come.
Have you lost your senses to say so?
Our success was due in part to good luck.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
You can use margarine as a substitute for butter.
We must prevent war at any cost.
It moved closer and closer.
Your policy is mistaken.
What a beautiful rainbow!
We have few opportunities to speak German.
I have a nice present to give you.
Helen is very worried about her daughter.
Are your hands clean?
Laugh as much as you like; I'll stick to my plan to the bitter end.
How are you these days?
As the summer has come, so it will go.
Can I change the channel?
Tom suggested that Ann should sell the house.
For a moment, he thought of going after the man.
I don't know, nor do I care.
You are tired, and so am I.
Mike sings well.
Smoking or health, the choice is yours.
I bought a box lunch at the station.
This ticket entitles you to a free meal.
They say that Mike is sick in bed.
Get set.
You should make use of this chance.
Does that price include tax?
The batter has two balls and two strikes on him.
The sky promises fair weather.
You have nothing to fear.
Can you play the piano?
Mali is one of the poorest countries in Subsaharan Africa.
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
Each man's pay will be in proportion to his work.
How can you afford another suit?
Don't be a copycat.
Do you like baseball, Bin?
Please unbutton your blouse.
English is used by many people.
I showed them the difference of ability.
When can one say that a person has alcohol issues?
We have breakfast at seven.
Meg has a facility for languages.
Want to grab a drink on the way home?
The family assimilated quickly into their new environment.
Whatever happens, I'll stick to my principles to the bitter end.
Strong winds stripped the tree of its leaves.
Stop yelling, I beg you.
Hurry up, Tom.
I arranged for a car to meet you at the airport.
Nowadays jobs are hard to come by.
Who left the window open?
That is an internal affair of this country.
That's too bad. Please take care of yourself.
Students should develop their reading skills.
Detroit is famous for its car industry.
Hurry up, or we'll be late.
We finally published the book.
My artisan pride cannot tolerate such sloppiness.
Why me?
I need a bag to carry it in.
The Board of Education governs the schools.
We saw a fish splashing in the water.
I was at a movie theater.
I have butterflies in my stomach.
There is a church near my house.
Our team is two points ahead.
In the near future, we will be able to put an end to AIDS.
Our letters probably crossed in the mail.
Send it by airmail.
It wasn't until I got home that I missed my umbrella.
How long does this train stop there?
I take dancing and modeling lessons.
Don't forget to put out the fire.
Which plan do you believe is better?
I'll be able to see you one of these days.
I draw for a hobby.
It's certainly a thrill.
I still can't get the knack of English pronunciation.
We set out on our journey full of hope.
Progress in science was often barred by convention.
I usually go to bed at ten.
We rid his house of mice.
However that may be, I am wrong.
There is no telling when the rainy season will be over.
At all events we have done our best.
Money comes and goes.
Napoleon's army now advanced and a great battle begins.
Don't be upset by a sudden change in the weather.
What a beautiful garden!
I agree completely.
Mrs. Brown wrote a book on politics.
It is sold by the pound.
The doctor alerted him to the riskiness of the medicine.
The patient is steadily recovering.
The Soviet Union took a hostile attitude toward us.
You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
Do you think it a bad thing?
The dollar dropped to 125 today from 126 yen yesterday.
That is no fault of Jack's.
Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment?
That is rather unexpected.
Roger is a party animal.
My best wishes to you and yours.
Why not? I'd be happy to.
Bad weather oppressed me.
Come what may, you should go your own way.
How about going to the movies?
The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
Mary was reading, with a cat sleeping beside her.
Turn to the right.
What ever are you doing here?
I met Mary and John when in London.
She is not beautiful, to be sure, but she is good-natured.
The rain made the autumn day dismal.
You are supposed to come at 7 o'clock.
Please don't look at me like that.
Let's have a tea break somewhere around there.
Long dresses stayed in fashion.
Please hurry and finish the prospectus.
What made him so angry then, I wonder?
He's still fibrillating.
Take whichever you like best.
Arriving at the airport, I saw the plane taking off.
Turn down the radio.
I'm too tired to walk any longer.
Do you know how to use a dictionary?
What about having fish for dinner?
I had a bad cold.
I'll keep my word, whatever may happen.
You look just like your big brother.
There was a big fire in my neighborhood.
I may indeed be wrong.
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.
How can we kill time?
I'm afraid she will fail.
What passion cannot music raise and quell?
In 1971 the United Kingdom changed its currency to the decimal system.
That was, as it were, part of the job.
Who did you see at the station?
A cat appeared from under the desk.
His face went to pieces with tears.
We had hoped that the rain would stop before noon.
In making a decision, I rely not on logic but on instinct.
Bring me a glass of water, please.
Take it easy. I can assure you that everything will turn out fine.
The meeting was put off until next Friday.
Our country is running short of energy resources.
How sad a story this is!
Assuming your story is true, what should I do?
I just brush it off.
If you look after your clothes, they last a lot longer.
Tom was mindful of my warning.
Don't be mean with the tip.
A balloon was floating in the air.
I sounded him out about his views.
Our company has annual sales of a thousand million yen.
Do you want fruit juice?
You have knowledge and experience as well.
By and by it will become colder again.
Will you tell me the way to Kyoto Station?
It was careless of her to go out alone.
The town was flooded with strange foreign words.
Where will we meet?
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.
In case of fire, ring the bell.
The party was, on the whole, successful.
But for the doctor's care, the patient would not be alive.
Mary's new hairstyle made her stand out in the crowd.
I have three daughters to marry off.
Do you have a driver's license?
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
Naoko wrote this letter last night.
The motor started to run.
I took the wrong bus.
We all agree to the new plan.
Do you feel like resting?
The party lasted more than three hours.
We hope you enjoy the movie.
There comes the bus.
Look as I might, nowhere could I find my lost watch.
Another day passed.
The difference is this: he works harder than you.
I remember singing scales every day during music lessons.
The bicycle by the door is mine.
The roses bloom in spring.
What kind of movie is it? Is it popular?
One thing remains doubtful.
He exclaimed, "What a dirty face you have!"
How many times a month do you write home?
The church clock gains three minutes a week.
Do what you ought to, come what may.
Let's hurry to be in time for the meeting.
He was evidently surprised when he came across me.
I don't like bad boys.
What subway goes to the center of town?
Well begun is half done.
If it's convenient come here tonight.
Where did you find it, at school or at home?
The tune was not familiar to me.
François gave a speech.
Oh, no! My house is on fire!
It was the greatest earthquake on record.
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.
At last, we got to the lake.
Eating between meals is bad for the figure.
It has been very fine since then.
You and I are good friends, but we have little in common.
Don't handle my books with dirty hands.
That is to say, he was old and gray and tired.
The doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient's chest.
A unicycle has only one wheel.
I will go there even if it rains.
Do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building?
How did it come about?
I would do it in a different way than you did.
It must be hard for you.
He is not better off because he is poorly paid.
It is foolish of him to pay for it again.
We must study the affair as a whole.
How pretty your sister is!
Pass the ball quickly to a person behind you.
One minute earlier, and we could have seen the Queen.
Foreign products arrived on the market in large quantities.
You're the one I'll always love.
What you have said doesn't apply to you.
Please keep me informed.
Give me the bill, please.
In the end, he landed in jail.
We live in a cozy little house on a side street.
You lied to me, didn't you?
At last, the truth was revealed to us.
The balloon descended gradually as the air came out.
Nothing bars our way.
Gosh, what a dirty customer!
Dry sand absorbs water.
Tom is a high school student.
I may win by some chance.
There's a white building just around the corner.
What is life without the radiance of love?
Hearing the monster's footsteps, they began running in all directions.
We have to bring the matter to a close.
It's the best book that I've ever read.
We are trying to keep the wolf from the door.
There is no cure for the common cold.
I glanced at the clock and knew what time it was.
My muscular strength has weakened from lack of exercise.
We can do without a television, can't we?
There is no satisfying spoiled children.
Rugby is a sport which is never called off by rain.
That was probably what influenced their decision.
I've never been to Europe.
How big?
One of us will have to go.
He brought our TV set down to the cellar.
It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
Can you move this desk by yourself?
Compared to our house, his is a palace.
Do you wash your hands before meals?
At last, he got the car.
What's Scotland like in summer?
You should have told me a long time ago.
Do you belong to any clubs?
Are we to remove our shoes before entering the house?
He is second to none in his English class.
It's going to be six dollars because it's international.
Anyway, I gave it my best shot.
Kamakura is a place noted in connection with the Genji family.
Warm yourself while the fire burns.
Take whichever you want.
Mary came up to me when she saw me.
There seem to be several reasons for that.
Years of hardship had not caused him to lose his faith.
What person does everyone take off his hat to?
My age is going to tell on me.
They were dancing with the music.
The tuberculin reaction was pseudopositive.
Your poor memory is due to poor listening habits.
I saw a boat above the bridge.
Ben acted out the scene of the waitress spilling soup in his lap.
Where there is smoke, there is fire.
The chauffeur will be on duty after 3 o'clock.
He could do nothing but watch.
The rain soaked through my clothes.
The dancer's graceful action charmed the audience.
You are very brave.
Has Lucy telephoned yet?
Generally speaking, Japanese cars are popular overseas.
You're sick!
One third of the earth's surface is desert.
A prism decomposes light.
If science makes progress, we'll be able to solve such problems.
Taking a taxi is a luxury for me.
No pain, no gains.
You are quite right.
Shall I help you with the washing-up?
That is because you always study hard.
I'm afraid it will rain tomorrow.
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.
If the coffee is too strong, add some more water.
You should memorize as many English words as possible.
Why are your eyes so big?
Do whatever he tells you.
Take an amulet for safety's sake.
Look at the picture.
All the students recognized her as their representative.
However cold it may be, he still jogs 20 kilometers every day.
We stand for democracy.
Such poets as Milton are rare.
Welcome to Best Products.
A crow is as black as coal.
January is the first month of the year.
The patient was discharged from hospital.
Would you like to turn it down a little?
Dancing is good for the figure.
What is Tony doing?
Good fences make good neighbors.
I was very hungry.
Mary has already started.
You should make the best of a bad situation.
The rocket blasted out of the atmosphere.
You must apologize to her, and that at once.
It's that time again! Wake up.
We captured the thief.
You won't make mistakes.
Gold is similar in color to brass.
Why do they say you have to learn English to survive?
Tom and my secret came to light.
I'd like to cash a travelers' check.
Prices have risen by 50 percent during the past ten years.
I am at a loss for what I have to say.
Before long he came into the room.
The door opened slowly.
It is time for me to take a vacation.
Please forgive me for not having written sooner.
You had better leave the students to find out for themselves.
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
If you're drunk don't take the wheel of a car.
Lincoln was opposed to slavery.
It's time to get down to business.
By and large, Tom is an easygoing person in almost everything he does.
Grand opening sale.
The professor requires excellent work of his students.
Why don't you come to my house one of these days?
If you follow me, I'll show you the way to the hospital.
Are you sure of your facts?
The bus fell off the cliff, killing all 10 aboard.
You can come with me.
There is no sign of life on Mars.
As the bus was late, I took a taxi.
You ought to go by taxi, or you might not get there in time.
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
It proved to be the deathblow to their plan.
We studied the government's economic policy.
May I make a suggestion about it?
I agree with some of your opinions.
Break this glass in case of fire.
The man in the corner addressed himself to the husband.
When you put money in the bank, you deposit it.
The picture looks strange because it has no perspective.
Beth is an odd girl who likes snakes.
We need some clues to understand it.
I had never seen a more beautiful sight.
Anyway, she didn't get what she hoped for.
Michael broke the dishes.
Let's go to the beach.
People want more money to expand educational institutions.
In most cases, car accidents result from lack of sleep.
Would you like another helping of pie?
Tell whoever comes that I'm out.
Generally the Americans are a kind people.
I studied in England for six months when I was a student.
Meg is as tall as Ken.
Many young people go abroad during summer vacation.
In addition to being a pianist, she is a painter.
I'm amazed by the ease with which you solve the problem.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
British people are used to standing in queues.
Is there any salt left?
It has a great many words borrowed from foreign languages.
It takes us half an hour to walk to school.
London is large, compared with Paris.
I should have taken the money.
Lucy is from America.
Have you been here since?
I might as well die as do such a thing.
Paul offered a new plan.
We looked out the window but saw nothing.
A bear will not touch a dead body.
I will be back soon.
I was expecting you last night.
You are doctors.
As a rule, we have much rain in June in Japan.
Peter came in your absence.
We found him alive.
Tom always leaves his bicycle dirty.
Can I use your pencil?
I'd like to speak to you for a moment.
We couldn't figure out what Paul wanted to do.
Either Mary or you is to go.
Pass me the pen.
Quieter!
When Tom lost his wallet, he was out of luck.
London is the capital of England.
Could I get one more beer, please?
What is the matter with you?
We think we are over the worst.
Will you help me for a minute?
I love you more than anyone else.
The meeting was adjourned until the next week.
Have a good time.
If it were not for the air, planes could not fly.
The roof is really in need of repair.
Do you have rain gear with you?
Bill often fails to keep his word.
We came upon them in New York.
Above all, be kind to old people.
So this is New York.
The English alphabet has 26 letters.
Let's run to the bus stop.
I feel like singing in the rain.
You are responsible for the result.
Betty killed her mother.
The demonstrators marched in order.
Yes, I can.
The living room adjoins the dining room.
Could you please get me a taxi?
Almost all of the dogs are alive.
Your efforts will bear fruit someday.
That's too good a story to be true.
To make a long story short, we married.
Would you like me to massage your chest?
Nick complained to me about the high prices in Tokyo.
Education is the agent of progress.
Hello, is this the personnel department?
By the way, do you know a good restaurant around here?
Penny wise, pound foolish.
You may make use of his library.
Bees are flying among the flowers.
At first glance, the question seemed easy.
It is such an old song that everybody knows it.
In spite of the rain, we enjoyed our holiday.
I started learning Chinese last week.
Meg found a four leaf clover.
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.
How long are you going to stay here?
The time has come when we can travel through space.
Somehow I cannot settle down to work.
You are too sensitive to noise.
I need somebody to help me.
English is studied in Japan.
In the distance you can see Mt. Fuji through the morning mist.
You must be less impatient.
It is merely an ornament.
How much was the additional charge?
I don't remember agreeing to that.
Tom and Sue have known each other since 1985.
I used to keep a diary in English when I was a student.
If anything should happen, please let me know.
We studied Greek culture from various aspects.
What have you come here for?
Medical science has made a dramatic advance.
You will be able to speak fluent English in another few months.
It revived with even greater vigor.
The instant he opened the door, he smelt something burning.
He says he has been to Hawaii before.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
Parents who beat their children really make my blood boil.
It was like this.
Will your report be finished in time for the meeting?
Roll up your sleeves and get busy.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the bus.
We will settle once and for all who is the best.
I have seen little of him lately.
Therefore it will be closed for the rest of the year.
I entreat you to go and see him.
Let's go to the picnic.
It's junk. Throw it away.
The contract, if you were forced to sign it, is invalid.
The burglar locked the couple in the basement.
By chance, I met her in the street.
I don't know where to go.
I cannot go to the party, but thank you for inviting me all the same.
I love the taste when I bite into a juicy peach.
At last, we got through with the hard work.
I regret not having studied hard for the test.
Is it getting worse?
The patient is out of danger now.
How are you getting along?
On her way home, Mary came across John.
The teacher gave way to the students' demand.
Try to hold on until a rescue team arrives.
As a man sows, so he shall reap.
The flowers faded in the heat of the summer days.
I can't use a fork well.
That added to his unhappiness.
The conference was cloaked in secrecy.
People who love doubt nothing, or doubt everything.
Don't dwell on your past failures.
This is not important.
He suddenly hung up the phone while I was speaking.
In the past, Fletcher Fuel was approached by Japanese companies.
Our negotiations broke off.
In spite of the heavy rain, he decided to go out.
Betty went to the sea yesterday.
Have you got a pencil?
It was a party to celebrate her birthday.
Britain is separated from the Continent by the Channel.
We fought a hard battle.
It's to your advantage to learn everything you can.
Bill is good at mathematics.
What if we should fail?
Let's fix the date for the picnic.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
Would you like to join us for a game of cards?
I was almost home when the car ran out of gas.
I'd rather you didn't smoke so much.
He was caught in the very act of stealing it.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
The population of Germany is less than half that of the United States.
Debbie! Can you hear me?
Yumiko belongs to the tennis club.
Is there any water in the pot?
You don't... you don't talk to me like that.
My wife and I agreed on a holiday plan.
Mike went to Kyoto last summer.
I saw a lot of birds flying toward the south.
Who loves not women, wine and song remains a fool his whole life long.
He went out in spite of the rain.
Shine on my brilliant soul.
I think my right arm is broken.
Students are open to the influence of their teachers.
Is this the right bus for Boston?
Let's eat while the food is warm.
Bob has too many books to read.
Nothing is achieved without effort.
According to the TV, it will rain tomorrow.
Bob was looking for someone to talk with.
I'd like to get medical insurance.
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the job.
But what will you do if he doesn't come?
I'll be back before dark.
In most cases we had to give in to their demands.
The two men sitting on the bench were Americans.
We talked quite frankly.
Just a spot of shut-eye has already refreshed my mind.
Would you please open the window?
A bus transported us from the airport to the city.
It is not until we lose our health that we recognise its blessing.
Tom held a seat for me.
Too long a holiday makes one reluctant to start work again.
Turning to the right, you will find the hospital.
Tom filled out the application form.
The 1990's saw various incidents.
See Naples and then die.
English is a language abounding in idiomatic expressions.
As compared with last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Fill the tires with air.
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.
It is no use arguing about it.
They stayed at home, because it rained.
According to the TV, it will be fine today.
You took the wrong key.
How about adding a little bit more salt?
To my surprise, he easily came up with a plan.
Mr. Children is very popular among young people.
By September the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off.
Generosity is innate in some people.
Lend me some books to read.
Doctors are not, as a rule, trained in child rearing.
I will have finished my homework by Tuesday.
I just dropped in.
There you go again.
The function of the brake is to stop the car.
You shouldn't read such useless books.
We cannot conceive science without a hypothesis.
We will never give in to terrorist demands.
We should sometimes pause to think.
Having seen him before, I recognized him.
You'd better knuckle down to work.
The one resource more precious than any other was land.
Who's winning?
It is so dreadful that I don't want to think of it.
It's a temporary condition.
Don't bite your nails.
If you want to do good work, you should use the proper tools.
You should have seen it.
Anyone can do that.
Something may have happened to him.
Paris, which is on the Seine, is a beautiful city.
We have cut back production by 20%.
The door is opened by Jim.
You'll have to get off at the bank and take the A52.
So they ought to have arrived here by now.
If he tried hard, he would succeed.
I had an enjoyable two weeks in London.
How many flowers are there in the vase?
Do you know where the nearest American Express office is?
Mike always stays cool.
With teaching and studying, my time is taken up.
What makes you laugh like that?
I don't feel like going to the movies. Let's take a walk instead.
Nancy did some shopping on the way.
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not.
I hope Father will come home from abroad soon.
It is not so difficult to appreciate good music.
Can I buy a ticket on the bus?
Plain English is a shortcut to the goal of language learning.
It began to rain and she got wet.
Oh, what is this?
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Smoking is dangerous to health.
We couldn't find out her whereabouts.
I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
Your English composition is above the average.
It was a beautiful sight.
If you need a change of pace, why don't you come for a visit?
We left early so that we can catch the first train.
That's exactly what I want.
It's always cheaper in the end to buy the best.
It was just polite applause.
Farmers suffered crop losses from poor weather.
You shouldn't have done such a thing.
Go to school.
Can you do that?
No one conceived his words to be important.
I wish we had more time.
External pressure grows ever more intense.
I can't understand how your father managed to see through that man.
Do you have anything further to say?
I can't stand to take another university entrance exam!
That was of great help to me.
The brass band marched around the town.
You don't know how worried I am.
He was put to death finally.
The hamburger is a famous American dish.
It's the dead of the night.
Waiter, give us separate checks, please.
You should visit Kyoto.
I added his name to the list.
Helen always keeps her room clean.
No pets allowed.
The driver could not distinguish the signal in the fog.
It was so cold that I couldn't sleep.
Our arrival at Narita was delayed by an hour.
That boy who is speaking English is taller than I.
He shivered a little in spite of himself.
Evil sometimes wins.
You pay for the convenience of living near a station.
It was because she had faith in his capabilities.
What make of computer do you use?
When his wife died, he received dozens of letters of sympathy.
Tom lived in Japan for ten years.
Will you show me your passport, please?
I've made up my mind.
The sea is to fish what the sky is to birds.
How many languages can you speak?
If peace cannot be maintained with honor, it is no longer peace.
Tom is the tallest in his family.
We would like to distribute your product in Japan.
I don't understand German.
Are you coming to the party?
I'm not familiar with French poets.
When it comes to playing tennis, he always beats me.
English is used in every part of the world.
Somebody took away my bag.
What was your first impression of London?
Bad weather discouraged them from going on a picnic.
The surgeon operated on her for lung cancer.
Tell me why he was absent.
His career prospects at the company are not too promising.
Each man must cast a vote.
You must not look upon him as great.
I didn't know that you were in this town.
The image is out of focus.
Let's watch TV.
Sit down and take it easy for a while.
Mike takes after his father in everything.
That rings a bell.
Mary called him every name she could think of.
Have you ever seen a panda?
What a queer story!
The battery ran down.
You've done it!
I'm afraid I have to go now.
With the rain having stopped, the game began again.
That is how the accident occurred.
The sky has become clear.
One can always find time.
Every Jack must have his Jill.
Every one wants to live free from care.
She cannot have understood what you said.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
There isn't any milk left.
The origin of the fire is unknown.
At that, he stood up.
I became very nervous when I couldn't locate my passport.
Could you dial for me? The telephone is too high.
If I were in your place, I wouldn't do such a thing.
I'd like to check in, please.
Whoever may say so, it is wrong.
You are guilty of murder.
Something wrong was about to happen.
It was such a fine day that we decided to have a picnic.
Skip the pleasantries and get down to business.
Did you ever hear the like of it?
You'll have a hard time.
I can bear this broken heart no longer.
Air is invisible.
It was too nice a day to stay inside.
Wrong.
What's up, Mike?
Linda Wood was standing at the door.
Those who forget everything are happy.
We must help him immediately.
All the audience was excited.
It is nothing less than an insult to her.
Where is the nearest bank?
You don't like chocolate, do you?
I am not any more foolish than you are.
Nothing could be more reasonable, on the face of it.
We needn't have hurried.
We will first ascertain the cause of the disaster.
The cows are eating grass.
The radio is out of order.
I was keen on classical music in my school days.
There were few people on the beach.
The very thought of snakes makes her turn pale.
What is most important is your strong will to master English.
That was well worth the trouble.
Strange things happened on her birthday.
Our family consists of five members.
Let's get together again!
I will get that classic car at all costs.
Which is quicker, a taxi or the subway?
Will you pass me the salt?
Where would I find CDs?
Mary declined an invitation to the concert.
The scientist insisted on proceeding with the research.
That's quite meaningless.
To write good English requires a lot of practice.
Your room must always be kept clean.
You should put safety before everything else.
After his wife left him, Harold went nuts.
It is a four-hour drive from New York to Boston.
Allow an hour to get to the station.
No one will know.
Bill is seldom ever on time.
There was something moving in the distance.
I cannot say for certain that the patient will recover.
Do you mind my turning on the radio?
It is hard for an empty sack to stand straight.
You have no business doing it.
There's ample room in the attic.
I remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday.
I think it's a pity you could not come to our party.
Is this your son, Betty?
A majority of students dislike history.
The doctor advised him to give up smoking.
We have to call on him tomorrow at any rate.
Excessive supply leads to a drop in prices.
As a rule, hail falls in the summer.
Do as you want.
How will they get through the cold winter in that tent?
You work too hard.
Television viewers see only what the camera shows.
You needn't do it at once.
We were cut off while talking on the telephone.
Our baseball diamond is very small.
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.
I want someone to talk to.
Sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings.
Everyone will have his own computer before long.
Almost all the students enjoy their school life.
Bill was unable to get Mary to understand what he said.
The hen keeps her brood under her.
The war in Europe was carried into Africa.
We entered into a serious conversation.
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
You should drive at a safe speed.
We managed to get it back without her knowing about it.
The rain was lashing against the windows.
To all appearances, she is healthy.
French is spoken by many.
We spent our holiday exploring rural France.
This is what I was looking for! he exclaimed.
It will be quitting time before you get that done.
How long will this cold weather go on?
I'm appalled. You leave me speechless.
I am completely against it.
You may be right.
Science does not solve all the problems of life.
We felt the ground sinking.
I can only say that I agree with you.
I waited for her till it got dark.
You must keep your room clean.
Could you check the tire pressure?
Falling interest rates have stimulated the automobile market.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.
When are you going on summer vacation?
I'll come here as soon as possible.
Cats can see in the dark.
Music is a common speech for humanity.
At last, they began to count down cautiously.
In the first place, he's a lazy boy.
I like pea pods in my stir fry.
Mayuko entered the room.
Meg is the double of her mother.
I cannot accept an excuse like that.
Your shirt button is coming off.
I'm going to Europe next week.
Lincoln is one of the greatest figures in American history.
The time has come for us to stand up.
Now you are sixteen, you should know better.
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.
Have you ever been to America?
It's hard to change a bad habit.
My joints ache when it gets cold.
A mathematical truth is neither simple nor complicated; it is.
Mr Kato is a teacher.
Soon there will be summer vacation.
These days, the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure.
How long does it take to the train station by taxi?
That's a hard question to answer.
Above all, children need love.
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.
You never have class or what?!
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the work.
Express your idea clearly.
Looks like you didn't study much for the test.
Don't give up English.
England proper does not include Wales.
When the excitement died down, the discussion resumed.
You look pale. You had better lie down in bed at once.
I had no notion that you were coming.
Do your best in everything.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times.
Ann is second to none in tennis.
You do such a thing once too often and get punished.
Everybody at the party was charmed with her grace.
Most students like sports.
By September I will have known her for a whole year.
We took turns with the driving.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
Yes, that's the right answer.
Don't make so much noise.
No one can achieve anything without effort.
A well is a place where you can get water.
In any case, you have to study hard.
We all took it for granted that the professor could speak English.
The hen was sitting on the eggs in the nest.
Will you open the door?
Would you like to come?
Give it to me, please.
How many people do you need for a rugby game?
The news quickly spread.
It's not my cup of tea.
You have Jim to thank for your failure.
It is the job of his own choosing.
The baseball game was called off due to rain.
You are burning up the road.
You should follow the doctor's advice.
The bird on the roof is a crow.
He says "want" when he wants something, and "no" when he does not.
London is no longer a city of fog.
That sounds really interesting.
Walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
Your face is red.
I found the book easy.
First of all, let's look at this famous picture.
Summer has come.
Blotting paper absorbs ink.
Where're the shoes?
Work hard, and your salary will be raised by degrees.
I'm just going to drop by the post office.
School will open on Monday.
It can't be helped.
When will you leave here?
The band has played a march.
I had intended to attend the meeting.
The priceless china shattered into fragments.
You drank alcohol again? I told you not to!
We are cut from the same cloth.
Don't set your failure down to bad luck.
Nancy is stressed out.
We elected him to be mayor.
On hearing the whistle, they started at full speed.
Could you give me a few more minutes?
Is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter?
Look at that picture on the desk.
That is to say, on May 10th.
I called at Nancy's house on my way home from school.
Some people find it easier to grasp the short-term effects of smoking.
Tony speaks English the best in our class.
My father picked up the tab for dinner, which came to $150.
The party went on for three hours.
It is quite a surprise to see you here.
Our car broke down last night.
Anything will do.
We were impatient for the concert to begin.
You must get rid of the habit of biting your nails.
You have no right to say so.
A fire was seen to blaze up far away.
I need some butter. Do you have any?
That was written by Taro Akagawa.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
Albumin was found in my urine before.
Pull the rope tight.
You can't hope to catch up with him.
Cleanse me! Release me! Set me free!
We must hand down our craft to posterity.
I love you more than you love me.
The rescue worker searched the area, looking for the child.
Danger. Keep out!
I'm on the balcony.
Above all, try to be kind to the old.
The firm went under due to lack of capital.
We cannot stand quiet and watch people starve.
How come you didn't call me last night?
Tennis began in France in the thirteenth century.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
The prince has set out on a long journey.
The street, lined with trees, provided a vista of the sea.
Only a few members turned up at the meeting.
On bad roads this little car really comes into its own.
Make one more effort, and you will succeed.
You have to come with me.
Once you have decided to do something, stick to it.
This rule doesn't apply to emergencies.
You didn't have to dress.
We should so act that we shall have nothing to regret.
Forget it.
Gravity binds the planets to the Sun.
I hurried to the station only to find that the train had already left.
Could you help me when I move?
You should not adulterate wine with water.
In a similar situation, the company was held liable.
Why might he have done that, I wonder?
What do you base your theory on?
How did you come up with such a good excuse?
You should not take to drinking again.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
For what?
Please tell me how to make my bed.
I can't take this anymore. I've lost my temper completely.
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.
The team won the championship for five years running.
I'm getting ready for the worst.
I'd like a bus route map.
He was determined to finish the work at any cost.
The whole family got out of the car.
Astonishment deprived me of speech.
The tulips budded finally.
That wouldn't be the house we're looking for, surely.
It was dark, and I could not make out who was coming along the road.
Please send an ambulance.
Can you pass me the salt, please?
It was one of the great discoveries in science.
Whichever way we choose will involve danger.
What are they for?
Look up more.
What's New Zealand like? Is it as sparsely populated as Australia?
Send it to me as a compressed file.
Our sales campaign is successful in a big way.
The picnic was put off on account of rain.
Robert got the better of Jack in the game of chess.
A cold wave passed over Japan.
Do you mind if I take a day off?
The office was besieged by anxious inquiries.
It is true that they talk a lot, but they say little.
Did he show up at the meeting?
You've acted foolishly and you will pay for it.
Is there a nonstop flight to New York?
If you find the man, please let me know at once.
I have nothing to say against it.
Where's the nearest church?
Bill's work is selling cars.
It will clear up by and by.
Do you want to watch the baseball game on TV?
The space ship will get to the moon soon.
It's out of stock, but I can give you a rain check.
You mustn't touch it, because it'll break easily.
Listen, um, I was wondering, what are you and Molly doing tonight?
You are hearing things.
I must pull myself together to overcome this incident.
Uncle Ted took us to the zoo in order to show us the pandas.
We set out when the rain had eased.
We had to memorize the lines of the play in the park.
Stop being lazy and find something to do.
We heard it from Mr Such and such.
General admission is $7 for adults.
May I ask you something?
Nobody but a fool would believe it.
You shall have a bicycle for your birthday.
Are we making a nonstop flight to the U.S.?
I sold it for ten dollars.
You may as well tell me all about it.
We never meet without a parting.
No matter what may happen, I am always prepared for it.
Nancy and Jane had to go home at five-thirty.
All I need to know about life, I learned from a snowman.
Tom put off his wedding because of a traffic accident.
You are beautiful.
It's very hard to get rid of bad habits.
Your reading is very advanced.
However hard I tried, I could not solve the problem.
They regarded him as the best doctor in town.
Tell me what happened.
What you need the most now is courage.
Flowers bloom.
It is Tom's ambition to go to the moon.
Environmental changes gave rise to new species.
That is no business of his.
You are quite justified in answering him back.
There's a lot of room left for improvement.
It's an embarrassing question.
Which club do you belong to?
That requires careful consideration.
Gotta paint it.
It helps us in times of difficulty.
I really spoke too harshly.
I will do it on the condition that you help me.
That is the sort of job I am cut out for.
How soon can you have this dress ready?
Nancy has a hold on her husband.
Tom loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him.
Our yacht club has ten members.
I really must say good-bye.
I will have left when you return.
Out of the frying pan and into the fire.
The sky has brightened.
Please send it to me by fax.
There was a glut of cotton goods due to cheap imports.
The robots are sure to contribute to the world.
Fluency in English is a must.
There has to be a first time for everything.
Wherever you say.
Where do I have to change trains?
One is a teacher, another is a doctor, and the other is a journalist.
We exchanged phone numbers at the end of the gathering.
I'll tell you a story.
His father passed away last night in the hospital.
Our fighters averaged 430 missions a day.
Could you tell me the way to Madame Tussaud's?
It can't be!
You make me dream.
Mary and her sister took turns at looking after their sick mother.
What time does boarding begin?
Any paper will do.
The station is not far from here.
How many pens are there on the desk?
In most cases, his answers are right.
I'll drive you to the airport.
Have you met him already?
The best way to learn English is to go to America.
The older of the two daughters is in college.
Why is it that you are always late?
My wife holds the purse strings in our family.
The baby in the cradle is very pretty.
How about a bite?
Don't speak with your hands in your pockets.
Scientific discoveries don't always make the world a better place.
I don't know what motivated me to come here.
Hurry, help.
I'll make a model plane for you.
I want to go with you.
Whichever way you may take, you can get to the station.
It has become very warm.
Miss Pate felt timid about making a speech before a hundred people.
Happy are those who love flowers.
I took an umbrella in case it rains.
Your guess is almost right.
The trouble with you is that you talk too much.
If I knew her name and address, I could write to her.
Work is preferable to idleness.
Is it true that you are going to study in London?
Chemical products account for approximately two-thirds of our exports.
What a waste of energy!
Ask him if you have any doubt.
I'd like a Manhattan.
Why are you looking so sad?
Never hesitate to have time off whenever you want.
The Nile is the longest river in the world.
Education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts.
It will cost about 2000 yen to repair it.
Let's get out of the rain.
There is a limit of two pieces of luggage for each passenger.
Let's hope for the best anyway.
I forget your telephone number.
You have no need to be ashamed.
Read this book at your leisure.
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.
Let no one interfere with me.
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.
The door burst open.
Hold on to the rope.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
How can we put it into practice?
If I get rich, I will buy it.
I've been laid up with flu for the last week.
It is such a beautiful day that I'd like to go fishing in the river.
How wonderful!
My doctor advised me to give up smoking.
Without his glasses, he is as blind as a bat.
He seated himself on the bench.
In terms of the pay you will get, is this a good job?
Once you skip a lesson, it's hard to catch up with your classmates.
Would you like to drink anything?
Our team beat the Lions 3 to 0.
Tom's friends called him Mr Money Bags.
The rainwater runs off through this pipe.
Everyone is waiting to see his new film.
Open up.
We tried it again, but couldn't do it.
If music be the food of love, play on.
It's the sound of secret minds.
I hope the bus will come before long.
Is it used to keep things cold?
Betty likes classical music.
I'll give you a call when I get home.
I will bite off just a little bit.
In a word, he is a flatterer.
We elaborated on our study plan.
Pack them in the box.
Mary stared back at him in surprise.
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions.
I gasped with surprise at the horrible picture of the starving people.
Beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework.
Don't worry about such a trifle.
Faults are thick where love is thin.
Hence, I shall have to stay here.
I took it for granted that you would come.
It is a system of direct exchange of goods.
Mary sings best of all of the girls in class.
That just goes to prove that you are a liar.
What a cheerful story!
I've got a frog in my throat.
There is a shuttle bus that goes to the Ginza Tokyu Hotel.
Mutual understanding is essential.
Are you all right now?
I am not the Christ but I am sent ahead of him.
Drink up your milk.
If your prices are competitive, we will place a large order.
Which theater is that?
Good. No absentees.
Go and see the doctor.
The stomach is one of the internal organs.
My face twitches.
The banquet was in full swing.
I have been there scores of times.
What I need worst is a haircut.
Make it as spicy as you can.
There are many tall buildings.
I received a five hundred dollar advance on my pay.
Seeing that you're not surprised, I think you must have known.
Please give us some examples.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to all humanity.
Do you like Mozart's music?
The director cast me as the devil.
You had better take a little rest.
You're the only mirror for me.
Will you step this way, please?
The machine squealed for lack of oil.
Hiromi wears a new dress.
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.
Keep the door locked.
You're lit up like a Christmas tree.
Let's reserve that for another occasion.
Even now, we still doubt that he is the real murderer.
Corn is an important crop in the United States.
Will you lend me your knife?
While employed at the bank, he taught economics at college.
Takeshi raised his hand to ask a question.
We lack an incentive for pursuing the eastern market.
Once in a while, I visit the theater.
He yields to nobody in love of music.
Watching TV, I fell asleep.
I found it something of a disappointment.
Do you travel a lot?
The fire is out.
She has a good memory, too.
I've warned you over and over again not to do it.
Choose the color you like the best.
Most Japanese temples are made of wood.
When is the intermission?
Science is based on careful observation.
If you see it, you'll go bananas.
If you do it at all, try to do it well.
I'm sorry to say, but the service isn't very good.
Generally speaking, the young people of today are clever.
Did you enjoy yourself?
I'm very impressed with your quality control.
I'll tell you what.
The smoke blew away.
We could not open the box anyhow.
Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.
We ought to do our best not to pollute our environment.
Each student has a locker.
What made you so angry?
Thousands of people were there.
The man and his horse that fell off the cliff were soon rescued.
Mayuko has sharp eyes.
If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.
How dare you speak like that!
I expect you realised that without being conscious of it.
It is heartless of him to say so.
If you have something to say, say it now or pipe down.
Tom never fails to send a birthday present to his father.
They hate him because he gives them a mountain of homework.
I cannot help laughing at your folly.
Do it in this manner.
I didn't want this to happen.
How did you get them?
The students were all looking forward to the summer vacation.
Let's meet halfway between your house and mine.
You had better apologize to him for that failure in some way or other.
The school is within walking distance of my house.
Being free, she went out for a walk.
Short pleasure, long repentance.
Why did you say such a thing?
Indeed this car is small, but it is powerful.
Hunger knows no law.
We crawled like so many ants along the mountain pass.
A rock stuck out from the bank into the river.
If you can't keep your promise, what excuse will you make?
I've finished watering the flowers.
What a heavy bag!
The chances are that he will win.
Dick promised to come back by three o'clock.
I'll make you a model plane.
Our tastes in art agree.
The Hilton Hotel, please.
Dried fish is not to my taste.
Can I pay by credit card?
I've been waiting for one and a half-hours.
Don't go to extremes.
The football game might be called off on account of rain.
You must control yourself.
Please accept my humble apologies.
May I take a rest?
As I left the house, I remembered the key.
I am looking for a house to rent.
Please remove the mud from your shoes.
Please have a seat.
A boxer and an actor are coming toward us.
However hungry you are, you must eat slowly.
You ought not to say such things in public.
Mary said she was going to dance all night.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absence from class.
Make sure that the complaints are dealt with as quickly as possible.
Caring means being alive.
On arriving home, he laid himself on the floor.
There are billions of stars in the sky.
Your allotment is $20.
At last, James Bond made it as an actor.
There are sometimes blizzards in Kanazawa.
I stepped outside and was bathed in the harsh, direct sunlight.
It seems to have worn out.
Frank majored in sociology at university.
We've run short of oil.
It's our pleasure.
You can have any cake on the table.
Is this the right way to the station?
Our plane took off exactly on time at six.
I had no choice but to stay.
My financial worries are past.
Don't make any noise, I'm studying.
Above all, you must take good care of yourself.
Where's the information center for hotels?
It's too hot for us to work.
Don't throw away your chance.
You make me feel so guilty.
We all try hard to make the grade in life, but only a few succeed.
Desk work is just not my cup of tea.
Tom is scrupulous in matters of business.
By the way, do you have any spare batteries?
May I run with you?
I can't find Tim.
Every pupil was asked one question.
Whenever you come, I'm ready.
Don't bother to call me.
I don't care what happens.
Fill out the form in ballpoint.
Is there anything that I can do for you?
Judging from his appearance, he must be the conductor.
Judging from the sky, it will rain soon.
Who lives without folly is not so wise as he thinks.
The party started soon after his arrival.
That's an old trick.
Yes. He can run 100 meters within twelve seconds.
I haven't seen her since then.
I easily found Mr. Harrington because I had seen him before.
You must take things as they are.
Most girls are kind.
It rains in some places.
Don't be a bad boy.
The fire had spread to the next building before the firemen came.
It is time to go to school.
I will tell you more about Japan.
A whistle blew, and the boat slowly began to pull out of port.
The king exacted taxes from his people.
The drain is running freely.
Someone is tapping at the door.
Ted is handy at repairing watches.
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.
It was a very slow train. It stopped at every little station.
They speak Spanish in Mexico.
You are the master of your own destiny.
You can not drink the seawater, for it is too salty.
The bath was not hot enough and I was unable to enjoy it.
It is challenging and I am learning a lot.
It was a nervous moment for me.
How wonderful a time we have had!
A successful business is built on careful financial management.
You can't have your own way in everything.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.
What made Bill decide to be an engineer?
The movie starts.
It was all-or-nothing and we struck out spectacularly.
Thank you. "You're welcome."
Your marks were well below average this term.
Put your valuables in the safe.
It's the first time he has encountered people speaking French.
Shoes are stiff when they are new.
Please take off your hat.
You ask me to do the impossible.
It is not you but I that am to blame.
I waited outside on the chance of seeing you.
Mr. Oh came to Japan to study Japanese.
John jumped to his feet the moment the bell rang.
Not a word did he speak.
Judging from his appearance, he is ill.
I hit on the terrific idea of cheating at cards by chance.
The result of the tuberculin test was negative.
The train was due at six.
Why did you go to Tokyo?
Why do you need it?
The fire spread and licked the neighboring house.
I will be pleased to help you.
Where are you going, Dad?
You are always doubting my word.
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
Really? My hobby is reading comics.
Your success excites my envy.
I am glad to hear of your success.
Helen Keller was deaf and blind.
That will save me the trouble of writing to him.
Almost everybody appreciates good food.
I'll find someone to fill in for you.
The apple fell from the tree.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
I have been anxious about your health.
Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.
I prefer a hotel by the airport.
Nashi are tinned in this factory.
Tom is as tall as Jack.
I would have written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
We must make the most of our vacation, as it is so short.
Well, see you later.
It's difficult to have great ideas.
You'll be missed by your friends.
Hi, Fred, how about badminton on Thursday?
All the arguments pointed in the same direction.
I would like to purchase some boots.
That is all right, so far as I am concerned.
You'll forget about me someday.
Mike is popular among the girls because he is the star of the team.
Dick showed a willingness to help us.
Paul studies very hard these days.
I want you to read this book.
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.
Have you ever read any Chinese poems?
Why do you say that?
I can't remember which is my racket.
Life is not long, it is wide!
What you say is quite wide of the mark.
Come along with us if you like.
Hello! Fancy meeting you here! It's a small world, isn't it?
Mike laughs.
I'm quite all right if you have no objection to it.
Tom gambled away a fortune in one night.
Do to others as you would be done by.
How can you bear such a humiliation?
I wasn't always happy.
Take a look at this map.
That's quite another thing to what you promised.
I have almost no money with me.
It was not long before I caught up with him.
What animal is it?
The dry season there will set in soon.
Your answer is far from perfect.
There is a bag on the desk.
Some companies guarantee their workers a job for life.
What were we talking about?
What a beautiful flower!
I wouldn't mind a drink.
I would rather go to the movie alone than have Bob come with me.
On the whole, the country has a severe climate.
Napoleon's life was a great drama.
Your words must correspond with your actions.
There is only one bus every two hours.
Since then she couldn't look up to her mother.
It depends on the context.
Thank you for the information.
Hey, what happened?
Try as he might, he couldn't get the door open.
A student raised his hand when the teacher finished the reading.
There was a slight chill in the air.
I always walk to school.
It's me.
Thomas could not carry out his task on account of an accident.
What is the procedure for getting a visa?
The cold weather continued for three weeks.
It is premature to discuss it now.
That's too small to fit on your head.
No taxi stopped.
What you're talking about is more important than how you say it.
The students have an excellent gym at their disposal.
Put your plan into practice as soon as possible.
It is still fresh in my memory.
A day has twenty-four hours.
First of all, we have to put your design to the test.
Records certify that Bob passed his driving test.
Did you enjoy the film?
First of all, I will read this.
Let's climb that mountain to see it.
Do you think it likely?
Let's have a talk over a couple of drinks.
It is difficult to play the piano.
I want you to go.
In communism, the means of production are owned by the state.
You will progress in proportion to your abilities.
It's hard to handle crying babies.
Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident.
I'd like a room facing the ocean instead.
How soon can I get to Tokyo?
He's the one who made an excursion there.
It rained nonstop.
I hope to see you sometime.
Once in a while, the prophet indulges in fantasy.
Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
Each time you step on the pedal, the wheel turns once.
Most people live in pursuit of happiness.
He lifted the board and looked at the keys.
It's characteristic of him to behave like that.
We regard him as a great man.
Clouds cast a shadow blacker than the night.
Our teacher is stern to us.
We must go without luxuries.
The bus stop is five minutes' walk from here.
One acquires bad habits very easily.
But I enjoyed farm work.
It is cheap, but on the other hand it is not good.
Could you move over a little?
Lend me some money if you have any.
Students are longing for the vacation.
You must switch off the power before checking the circuit.
Can I buy only the lenses?
We thought we had the game in the bag.
I have no time to watch TV.
Being very rich, he thought he could do anything.
Tell me the more exact time.
Let's get together again.
He didn't deny that he was formerly involved in the program.
Singing is her strong point.
We are anxious for world peace.
Someone must have taken my umbrella by mistake.
I'm thirsty. Can I have a glass of water?
The longest night will have an end.
Let's go by taxi, shall we?
I stayed home last night to be able to receive your call.
I say this from my heart.
They speak English in New Zealand.
He did not get any game.
We'd like separate checks.
Let him alone. He'll soon come around by himself.
What heavenly weather!
Tom is the last person to break his promise.
That is the same umbrella as I found on the bus.
Speaking of Kyoto, have you ever visited the Kinkakuji Temple?
Some snakes are poisonous.
The bridge is open to traffic.
Last summer, I worked part time on the farm.
School has started and I like it so far.
Please give me a pencil and some sheets of paper.
You're not fit to be seen.
We had much difficulty in finding the bus stop.
Masaru claims that he is innocent.
Tokyo is subject to typhoons in summer.
Whatever happens, keep calm.
The generous dentist contributed some two billion yen to charity.
Now and then, we go to London on business.
Any of you can do it.
Soon after, it began to rain.
The situation has improved considerably compared with what it was.
It is wrong to tell lies.
Where can I catch a bus?
I will tell her what to say at the meeting.
Mary had to go to school.
You really made me lose face.
Please give me a hand.
Anybody can do that.
It is not so difficult as you think.
It is wicked of you to do such things.
Money and I are strangers; in other words, I am poor.
I have no interest in putting my money into your dreams.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
Someone grabbed me from behind.
I have no particular reason to do so.
I tried it over again.
All my efforts proved of no avail.
I'm still single.
All that you have to do is to wait for his reply.
How strange the weather is!
It will soon be New Year.
Our company's base is in Tokyo.
I have class tomorrow.
I just hope it makes it in time.
I put down a rug under my desk.
Few people are free of care.
Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.
I took my umbrella for fear of rain.
He doesn't look his age.
When will your assignment be completed?
You have to get this work finished by noon.
The price includes the postage charge.
Some people derive pleasure from watching horror movies.
He says he will not give up smoking.
We weighed one opinion against the other.
What was the name of the hotel? I can't recall it.
You had better not go out now. It's almost 11.
The teacher had to evaluate all the students.
Pens and pencils are examples of writing tools.
We're getting out of here in a moment.
Space science is still in its infancy.
I was at a loss for words.
The tape recorder was lying on the table.
How do you find food in outer space?
I admire you for your courage.
A fish can swim.
Keep an eye on my bag for a while.
It is difficult to shoot a bird flying in the air.
It is certain that Lucy will marry the pop singer.
They all looked up to him as their leader.
Roy needn't have hurried to the airport to meet his parents.
Do you know why they stopped talking?
I can't lift my right arm.
Do you know who conquered Mt. Everest first?
He was saved by a hair.
Not wanting is the same as having.
It was careless of me to do something like that.
It is time you put a stop to this nonsense.
The bill was eviscerated before being passed by the legislature.
If he had enough time, he might have done good work.
The cattle starved to death.
I think it's a good thing because it keep us on our toes.
Television enlightens the viewers as well as entertains them.
Writing news stories is his job.
He's given to going overboard every time he gets a new idea.
The sweat was dripping off my brow.
Table manners vary from one country to another.
A strange sound was heard from behind the door.
Have a nice day.
So what?
Come what may, I am ready.
I ordered a book from London.
Tom was tired and cross.
The audience acclaimed the actors for their performance.
We must carry out the plan at once.
The chairman should take the minority opinion into account.
Above all, you must help each other.
I made a temporary repair to the broken door.
Such a judge may as well retire from his job.
It is getting darker. It may rain soon.
I'll foot the bill.
Most Americans like hamburgers.
The section chief made me work like a slave.
Our school is very close to the park.
An ostrich cannot fly any more than a kangaroo can.
There is no advantage in doing that.
Work slowly.
The rainy season is near at hand.
To our surprise, she has gone to Brazil alone.
Paula left the room to call her mother.
I got a farewell present from everyone.
Help yourself to more potato chips.
I had a hand in the family deciding to move to New York.
Meg didn't even look at me.
I have some things in the hotel safe.
Do you fancy it is all right?
We have enjoyed peace for more than forty years.
The students learned many poems by heart.
Bottoms up!
A smell of lilies filled the room.
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry.
I don't mean to object to your proposal.
If you had been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
It is no business of yours.
Rice is grown in rainy regions.
Dust covers the desk.
Let's begin practicing voice projection.
I want you to be the next Soseki.
Tom saw something red there.
No man is the wiser for his learning.
Tom is riding high these days.
I will be glad if I can serve you in any way.
We partook in each other's joy.
One lump of sugar, please.
Whatever we may undertake, diligence is important.
You had better not drive a car.
If you have some troubles, I recommend you confer with him.
You have only to study hard, and you will pass the test.
Don't trouble him with trifles.
The sky was full of stars.
Meeting my old friend was very pleasant.
How can you say such a silly thing?
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?
My hand's getting too cold.
Let's get out of the taxi.
Everyone had a good time at the party.
She naturally accepted the invitation.
What?! You ate my chocolate bear?!
London is famous for its fog.
I'll open the curtain for you to look out.
Nancy can't decide anything for herself.
I can't put up with it.
The discussion was heated.
I don't like to go outside when it's raining.
Look out for pickpockets.
Nancy never fails to arrive on time.
Can you figure out why he won't go with us?
The summer heat is rolling in.
It is estimated that there are over half a million words in English.
Only a few people understood me.
The gathering will be large if the weather is good.
The party started for New York.
When the thief heard the dog bark, he took to his heels.
The whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
You may be late for school.
You should practice playing the piano regularly.
Dust had accumulated in the attic.
That goes without saying.
The door clicked shut.
Don't worry about the result of the test.
Tom does anything but study.
The exchange rates for foreign currency change daily.
Let's drop in at that coffee lounge.
I'm looking at the flower.
I don't care as long as you are happy.
The train was not so crowded as I had expected.
It's getting warmer and warmer.
Now I have curly hair, because I had a perm.
Don't park your books on the table.
Peter, Nancy will be ready in while.
Please tell me about your trip.
To make matter worse, the traffic was bad.
The girl who Brown married is a nurse.
We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
A girl with blonde hair came to see you.
In Thailand, people use coconuts for food, drinks and toys.
Which do you like better, the sea or the mountains?
Please bring it back tomorrow.
I ought to have made a hotel reservation earlier.
The stock market is often called a dangerous one.
How long have you been in Japan?
How much is the express?
Tell me the right answer to it.
Don't be afraid of seeing the doctor.
There is very little probability of an agreement being reached.
I have finally finished my homework; now I can go to bed.
You are right in a way.
Not knowing what to do, I telephoned the police.
Yes, I like it very much.
What quantity of paper do you need?
Close things look blurred.
Show me how it works.
My neighbors provided food for me.
Mr Wilder gave me your e-mail address.
Don't make fun of foreigners' mistakes in Japanese.
Money is welcome everywhere.
We can hardly wait for the party on Friday.
Give me a break, please.
Our trip was unattended by adventures.
Some member countries have been lax in abiding by G-7 agreements.
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
What time should I check in?
The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
You suck dude! I have to tell you everything!
Indeed you know a lot of things, but you're not good at teaching them.
This will cost €30.
Flowers are always acceptable.
Could you let him out?
The rumor is not true as far as I know.
Look! She looks easy.
Also, if you manufacture any other products, please send information.
Stop your grumbling and get the work out of the way.
You may have swelling, but don't worry about it.
Go ahead and start with anything you like.
We discussed our plan for the future.
It is probable that he forgot about it.
It is no use your pretending that you know nothing.
I don't like your taste in color.
I had to help with the housework.
Will you permit us to leave now?
The son of a great actor became a good actor in his own right.
Where's the restroom?
You're a philosopher, aren't you?
A basketball team consists of five players.
There is no limit to the universe.
We want something new.
The rockets were fired from a launching pad.
Do you mind if I change the channel?
Linda does not dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
Don't be angry with me, for I did it for your sake.
A person with weak eyes can't see far.
The students gathered at the call of the principal.
There seems no need to hurry.
The temperature has been below freezing for several days.
I went into details.
A network of railroads soon spread over the entire country.
Why are you so angry?
You ought not to go to such a place.
Every teacher does their best.
I am not much of a traveller.
Mike happened to have been absent from school.
This looks pretty interesting, Hiroshi says.
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver with whom John worked?
She advised us that it would rain all day.
Could you please drive me home?
I caught up with the others.
Would you mind speaking more slowly?
Your report is pretty good, if not excellent.
I'm getting tired of the dull game.
To our great disappointment, the game was called off.
You must follow school rules.
To my surprise, he failed the examination.
I'm going to make a cake for Mary's birthday.
By the time the party is over, dawn will be breaking.
All the students come from the US.
Dick drew up to her.
You are at liberty to make use of this room in any way you please.
A shit a day keeps the doctor away.
We won hands down, because the other players were weak.
You know where everything is.
Tourists poured into Karuizawa during the summer vacation.
Who shall ever unravel the mysteries of the sea?
Only a handful of people came to the meeting.
The salary of a teacher is lower than that of a lawyer.
Tom noticed a drunkard lying in the street.
I'd like to see your father.
Now that the weather is warmer, I can go outdoors.
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.
I hesitated about which road to take.
I had bought it the week before.
Your shoes are here. Where are mine?
But you like it!
What if he should fail?
School uniforms are just out of fashion.
Don't leave it up to chance.
Who will host the party?
By the way, where does he live?
I saw him run away.
I caught my finger in the door.
Tom gets up at six every morning.
The pain has mostly gone away.
I listen to music.
We're counting on you to wake us up in time, so don't fall asleep.
Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
It is true he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
Even if there is a convention, I shouldn't ask them for so much money.
I know a hole in the wall that's really cheap.
Take care not to make a foolish move.
The sea is very wide.
Stand back from the rope.
He was flying down the road.
Robert is the fifth wheel on the safety committee.
I don't know. It all happened in an instant.
We have to start at once.
Yes! I won twice in a row!
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
If you should need any help, just let me know.
I'm looking forward to hearing from her.
How does he gain his living?
Have some frozen lobster at any rate.
I'd like a hotel reservation.
You had better put on a raincoat.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Having been to the temple before, I know the way.
We will set up a notice in front of the machine for safety's sake.
Please write your name in pen.
I have spots coming out all over my face.
Of course, I will be at the party.
Have a nice vacation.
I'll show you how to catch fish.
There's no need to get so angry.
But you just come here in the summer! said Tony.
Nobody wants to work outdoors on a cold day.
Our troops engaged with the enemy.
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.
It offers a mouth-watering selection of delights.
Don't scare me like that!
Do you believe in God?
Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
The question before us is an urgent one.
Can you recommend a good camera?
I could never make him believe what I said.
It must, of necessity, be postponed.
We took a turn around the city in our car.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
May I use your pencil? Any one will do.
You must make up your mind, and that at once.
You must stop smoking.
Tom was caught sneaking out of the room.
It will cost around 10,000 yen.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to the human race.
You should buy some cough medicine and aspirin.
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?
There was no malice in what he did.
The band played for the visiting monarch.
Everyone was listening very carefully.
When the little boy saw the clown, the cat got his tongue.
Becoming too fat is not good for one's health.
But, I'm going steady.
What a fast horse that is!
We decided to branch out into selling some foodstuffs.
We will crop the field with cotton this year.
To start with, who is that man?
At one time Nigeria was a British colony.
What are you going to be?
There are a great many people trying buy houses.
If it had not been for your support, he would have failed in business.
How long is the Golden Gate Bridge?
Mr Frost is eligible for the post.
Dick is sometimes late for school.
Please help yourself to the cakes.
Don't expose the tapes to the sun.
What time?
Why are you angry with him?
Napoleon called the English a nation of shopkeepers.
Passport, please.
Such a thing is of no account.
Divide it among the three.
From acorns come oaks.
The meeting broke up at four.
Mr Brown left for England on May 15.
Tom closed his speech with a beautiful song.
Do you have any siblings? "No, I'm an only child."
Tom came home early yesterday.
It is easy for me to swim.
What an interesting story it is!
However, it is good if one can speak English well.
Halley's Comet will come back in 2061.
Clouds sail across the sky.
I'd like to part with her if I could.
He came by bus.
I'm tired of TV.
She cried bitterly at a press interview.
We were just about to leave when she telephoned.
I would if I could, but I'm taking sailing lessons this week.
It's really a very useful thing; you ought to buy it.
I cannot dance worth a damn.
Just then, the telephone rang.
I got a rash from poison ivy.
What are you on about?
I long for a smoke.
Whatever you're doing, starting off on the right foot is essential.
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
What kind of treatment will I get?
We delegated him to negotiate with them.
The meeting will take place next Sunday.
If you happen to see him, please give him my best regards.
The doctor visits her every other day.
It looks as if it is going to rain.
When do we arrive?
We must not laugh at the poor.
At school I am on the Newspaper Committee.
Then the younger brother set off, and the elder remained behind.
That young critic is in high demand in a lot of places.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
A little louder.
Please don't interrupt me for a while.
It's about time to start.
Spring will come soon.
Seen from a distance, this mountain looks like Mt. Fuji.
You don't have to go unless you want to.
We raced our beetles.
If I had enough money, I would buy the book.
If I were not ill, I would join you.
I'll call you back later.
Were I in your position, I would do it at once.
I prefer going on foot to going by bus.
Put me through to Mr Brown.
One stayed and the other went away.
However you do it, the result will be the same.
The astronauts were greeted by their enthusiastic cheers and applause.
The boss called Jim into his office and gave him his pink slip.
Can I have a Band-Aid?
The flowers are at their best now.
We arranged the books according to size.
I wish I had studied harder for the test.
No matter what happens, I'll stand by you.
It was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street.
Long skirts are in fashion.
It will not be long before she regrets it.
Who has torn the envelope open?
You should pay your rent in advance.
You must take up a regular occupation.
I'll go no matter what.
It wasn't me, commissioner!
I don't blame you for doing that.
Every nation has its own myths.
Bad books will do you harm.
I hear it takes time to make friends with the English people.
I have been to London before.
I'd like to check out. Do you have my bill?
I blew a gasket.
It's none other than Tom!
What would you do if you saw a man from another planet?
Will you have another glass of wine?
You need not have hurried so much.
I haven't seen him for a long time.
The thief was bound hand and foot.
Is there a table available for two on Friday?
When he got to the party, Sam made a bee line for the food.
The trainer must think of her health.
Why do men behave like apes, and vice versa?
Yokohama is a beautiful port town.
Did you show it to your parents?
There appears to have been a mistake.
Turn the flame down low.
A cup of coffee cleared my head.
We are subject to the Constitution of Japan.
A high school student made this robot.
It was not long before the news came.
I received your letter the day before yesterday.
That should be pleasing to anyone.
Tell me about your daily life.
I am confused by your frenzied behaviour.
She was somehow incensed against me.
I went to the theater quite early with a view to getting a good seat.
It's a wholly new experience for me.
If you have time, please drop in on us.
The price is double what it was last year.
Misako married a Canadian last June.
We mustn't waste our energy resources.
It was out of the ordinary for Chris to behave so roughly.
Can you keep the noise down?
Bill missed the first ball.
Tom is a friend of mine.
We had a kid just last year.
Mr Brown is not as old as he looks.
A teenager sometimes acts like a baby.
My right eye feels hot.
Smoking does damage your lungs.
No matter how rich he may be, he is never contented.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
You lent a book.
Each person was given enough food and clothing.
Don't trust him, whatever he says.
We had to call off the game because of the rain.
It's been quite ages since we last met.
The House cut the budget for foreign aid.
Could you lend me the book?
What you said to her isn't accepted as a joke.
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
The brass band played three marches.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
I don't know if he would have done it for me.
We are studying in order to pass the STEP 2nd grade test.
I need to make an urgent call. Is there a public phone near here?
Bob brooded on the matter.
Aoi dances very well.
Don't take me seriously. I'm only joking.
There seems no doubt about it.
In any industry a reputation can make or break people.
They left there the day before yesterday.
Humans were never meant to live forever.
No, thank you.
During the vacation, I read the entire works of Milton.
I want you to tell me the truth.
It's not what you wear, it's how you wear it.
It is more than 3 kilometers to the station.
I wish you had told me that.
What time does it close?
We saw a little light in the distance.
Can you play any musical instruments?
A good doctor follows his own directions.
Butter is made from cream.
Had Napoleon been born in this century, what could he have done?
I will put this business through in a week.
I'll bring one more towel.
Tom can imitate the singer to a hair.
When it rains, it pours.
Our city sits on an active fault.
What do you think caused him to lose his job?
Mayuko goes to school by bicycle.
Bob tried to speak to Anne, but he couldn't.
She is mad at me.
They are very big.
I happened to witness the bullying in the corridor.
I will go, be the weather what it may.
I might as well die as lead such a life.
Is there enough food to go around?
Someone is calling you.
What you say is right.
Tony did not often hear music.
Nancy looks a fool but she's really very clever.
We foresaw the war.
Thanks to the opportunity, we were able to avoid substantial effort.
What's the cause?
The river which flows through London is called the Thames.
The strong yen was advantageous to our company.
Do you know where I might find small cowboy boots?
The chairman did not rule out the possibility of a disagreement.
Even with a generous estimate, there were at most only 2,000 people.
Molly has a large clock.
For years the picture passed as a genuine Rembrandt.
I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
Unexpected results were announced.
We wish to advise you of the following price reductions.
It's no use trying anything.
That was cooked in oil.
It is often pointed out that smoking is a danger to health.
Please move the TV set to the left.
I had hardly checked in at the hotel when he called me.
The clouds cleared up and let the sun shine.
I have to take a bus to go anywhere.
After working all week, we took it easy on Sunday.
Mary and I became good friends.
The charm of Kyoto consists of the beauty of its old temples.
Lots of leftovers remained inside.
A monkey is climbing up a tall tree.
Teach me how you do it.
The Dow plunged 35 points and then bottomed out.
Urgent business kept him from going to the concert.
The committee consists of eight members.
A lot of bicycles are illegally parked in front of the station.
That's good news to me.
You look pale. Shall I call the doctor?
It will bring down trouble on your family.
I haven't seen anything of her lately.
What'll they think of next?
The vase was broken to pieces.
As there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
I have nothing to do with the affair.
It may rain, and then again, it may not.
In recent years, they have often moved.
Thank you very much, she said with a smile.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
Tom's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
The company rewarded him with promotion.
Here comes our teacher, Robert Brown.
It was similar in some ways to soccer, which is played today.
Let's eat outside instead of in our tents.
I have not heard from her recently.
It's a surprise.
Most writers are sensitive to criticism.
Kyoto has many universities.
Place the ladder against the wall.
Granting you were drunk, I cannot excuse you.
Mr Thompson has been very busy today.
A strong wind arose.
Can I borrow your eraser for a moment?
Don't you smoke?
Slow and steady wins the race.
Paradoxically, he is right.
I will be over tomorrow if you like.
Even the smallest child knows that kind a thing.
Bad seed must produce bad corn.
I can't lie to you.
You are not old enough to go swimming by yourself.
It may rain soon.
I tried to cheer her up, but she did nothing but cry.
Why don't you give tennis a try?
You had better make the most of your opportunities.
Burn with desire.
The school provided us with textbooks.
How large is the population of New York City?
It was a strange affair.
Do you believe war will start?
I'll never forget having a good time with you all.
Because I am a student of old languages.
I have little knowledge of biochemistry.
It is an act of folly.
You must be tired after such a long trip.
It is too expensive for me to buy.
Bill accepted my statement as true.
Beth was committed to Chris and eagerly accepted.
Nor was he ever known to curse unless against the government.
Nearly all men die of their remedies, and not of their illness.
Please explain how to get there.
You won't be in time for school.
How long have you been living in Kobe, then?
You, be quiet!
It is quite an achievement!
The radio was invented by Marconi.
Is the picture straight?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
The identity of the lost child was confirmed by its clothes.
Memories of my college days come to my mind.
I miss you badly.
I didn't need to paint the fence.
The church is decorated with flowers for the wedding.
Everybody agrees with you.
I traveled about Europe.
Please remain standing.
Milk does not agree with me.
I was a stranger in Boston.
We found that everyone was asleep.
Do you like dancing?
He will wriggle out of the fix.
All you have to do is sign this paper.
We learn by experience.
I think most people are better off now than they used to be.
Ropes surround the place.
Why? Because Terry Tate always replied promptly, that's why.
It came about in this way.
It was not his fault, for he did his best.
We must be able to discriminate between objects and situations.
Making nothing of the cold, he went out in thin clothes.
The heat is intense.
The bank robbers dispersed in all directions.
Without your assistance I would have failed.
What pretty eyes you have!
If you call him a clever man, he may be happy.
Please hurry.
The manager sent the bunt sign to the batter.
A fool's bolt is soon shot.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are mistaken.
Tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness.
The school will provide tents for us.
You had better not play on his generous nature.
I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn't show up.
It seems to me that something is wrong.
Mary is the prettier of the two.
I am taking a holiday at the beach.
It's the front gate.
You should not look to others for help so easily.
She put the magazine on the table.
Betty has climbed the mountain three times.
Is there a telephone anywhere?
Are you not able to speak English?
The dynamite went off with a bang.
He was very happy during his school days.
Most everything has been improved.
You helped Mommy?
Mary is said to have been ill last week, but she looks well now.
The boat sank in a flash.
There's no need to cry like a child.
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.
Do you play any sports?
It's a dead end.
Can I leave my bags with you until I come to check in?
The line is still busy.
At ease.
You are hopeless.
There is an air of resignation everywhere.
Our diplomacy and strategy ran in clear contradiction to each other.
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Lucy was beside herself with excitement.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
I rear cattle.
TV is not watched here.
It seems to me that you are wrong.
Your blouse goes beautifully with that skirt.
Everyone is more or less interested in art.
I bought a Picasso.
You cannot make a good mark without working hard.
We cannot dispense with the rainforests.
You'd better get going in case you miss the bus.
The TV was so noisy that I couldn't concentrate on my reading.
Has Bob left the company for good this time?
I will write Judy a letter.
She has improved her skill in cooking recently.
Forget it. It's not worth it.
The admission is ten dollars a person.
How did they come by all that wealth?
I hardly think she'd do that.
You should have told it to me sooner.
It is no use trying again.
Why is your mouth so big?
A truck hit the dog.
Lightning is usually followed by thunder.
I got my hands quite dirty.
I appreciate your coming all the way.
I have hopes of doing well in that business.
David has never had a steady job. He has always lived by his wits.
I scored only 33 points on the test.
Waste not, want not.
Remember to post the letter on your way to school.
Love is never wasted.
To begin with, that kind of work is too tough for me.
It's by no means easy to master a foreign language.
While we were on holiday, a neighbor took care of our cat.
Bob went to meet her grandfather early in the morning.
Recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
The church is surrounded by woods and lakes.
We have to buy them from abroad.
You are in a safe place.
Power and money are inseparable.
We respected him all the more.
Whichever you read, you will find it interesting.
I need it for the parking meter.
He traveled a great deal, as did most of his friends.
Please say hello to your wife for me.
If he had been honest, they would have employed him.
We looked about us.
First of all, learn the formula by heart.
You only started this job an hour ago.
What I can't make out is why you have changed your mind.
How soon can they be delivered?
What you say is usually true.
Can you justify the use of violence?
It is a picture that I like very much.
It's beyond me.
Summer has arrived at last.
In Hawaii, one can swim in the ocean all year round.
Round trip? Only one-way.
School begins at nine.
You're disgusting!
Helen shrieked with terror.
We were delayed by traffic congestion, so we had to hurry.
At last, I passed the test.
We grew up within our family circle.
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?
There are many commercial firms in New York.
There is an abundance.
I'll manage to fit you in next week.
I don't think it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case it does.
Please give your mother my best regards.
It is time you went to school.
We have to investigate the cause at any rate.
Your house is three times as large as mine.
You can take either road.
Let's hope for good results.
What should I eat?
The radio on the desk is a Sony.
Choose any one book you like.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
Little remains to be done.
How dare you laugh at me!
It's about time we went back.
There were many people in the hall.
You know I can't.
We had five dollars left between us.
School has closed for the Christmas holidays.
Can you think of something better?
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Europe.
Can the rumor be true?
I envy you your luck.
When Peter got up, Jean had already left home.
Mr Ito is a highly educated man.
Fill it with regular, please.
Your letter made me happy.
What do you say to going for a drive?
I mean to fight hard.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
Soon the plane begins to move, and then it takes off.
I often feel like just going over there.
There were more than fifty girls at the party.
I see a book on the desk.
I don't like shellfish.
You should eat more, or you won't get well soon.
How come you didn't come to the party?
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
I'll call you back when I get to the bus stop.
Compared with yours, my car is small.
The party went forward in the face of danger.
The data hasn't been compiled yet.
Cancer can be cured if discovered in time.
Come with me, will you?
May I take your size, madam?
There was a lamp hanging above the table.
The rich merchant adopted the boy and made him his heir.
Tom loved Mary, who didn't love him at all.
There is a fountain in front of the station.
Such an old fan would be next to useless.
I have no knowledge of that question.
The pirates had no choice but to surrender.
We were afraid that we might hurt his feelings.
There's no love without jealousy.
Life in prison is worse than the life of an animal.
The whole family set off on the trip.
Do you have one a little smaller?
Do you have anything to eat?
Terry was very pleased with the news.
I asked him where he lived.
It's a very becoming dress.
You must pay attention to him.
We will not tolerate anyone who engages in terrorism.
Mary made a cake without her mother's knowledge.
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.
You should have told me that you wanted me to come alone.
With a little more care, you would have succeeded.
You may as well get used to it.
Don't overdo it.
How about some milk?
Beth has preserved her good looks.
Almost every tourist carries a camera with him.
I'd like to pay with my credit card instead.
You have only to come here.
You are responsible for what you do.
It is too easy a task for him.
Stay informed about what is happening in foreign countries.
The fish swam up for crumbs.
I don't smoke.
Take your time. We have all afternoon to shop.
There wasn't anybody in the house.
Love is seeing her in your dreams.
Something must be done!
The shoes are worn out.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
I'm taking a walk in a park.
It no longer seems to be a perfect circle.
Bob expressed words of thanks on behalf of his classmates.
Every one of us is more or less interested in art.
Thanks. Could I return it to you instead?
You are actresses.
Compared to New York, Tokyo is a much safer place.
They are too numerous to enumerate.
Something dreadful has happened to Miss Davidson.
Mike asked that he not be disturbed.
Such a childish plan is bound to fail.
You may choose either of the two books.
What time should I leave the hotel?
Tom is due to come at noon.
Add more water to it.
I like Chinese food in general.
It is beyond my power.
Never in my life have I seen such a terrible accident.
The general feeling is that it's wrong.
Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.
You'll have to attend the ceremony whether you are free or busy.
You ought to ask him for advice.
My resolution was shaken when I heard about it.
We have a Pope.
The calculator on the table is mine.
We went to court when they refused to pay for the damage.
The Congressmen rammed the bill through committee.
What are you concerned about?
Your idea sounds like a good one.
What shall I go in?
No news is good news.
Someone stole my traveler's checks.
There are none of us who do not respect his honesty.
It's folly to eat so much.
You yourself have to finish it.
May I turn on the television?
The bell rang. The teacher told the students to hand in the papers.
Please don't encrypt your file.
The bold man glanced at the gangster with hatred and contempt.
Open your texts to page 50.
What made her do such a thing?
Please go around to the side of the house.
It will have been raining for a week if it does not stop tomorrow.
It is very careless of you to leave the door open.
Mike was elected chairperson.
The weather was lovely when I left home.
Her name wasn't on the list.
The nurse wound my leg with a bandage.
A very pleasant young woman waited on me in the department store.
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.
It rained heavily, and consequently the baseball game was called off.
Everything else is fine.
The office has been topsy-turvy since the merger upset everything.
Our food supplies will last till April.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
It's just your imagination.
Why don't we drop over to see her?
You should emphasize that fact.
Where do I get the subway?
I delivered my first child last year.
This is too important to overlook.
I don't know how to express my thanks.
My hopes revived.
It's raining. You might just as well stay home.
My roommate is too talkative.
It is not good that you did not ask her name.
It will pay you to study hard.
New York is worth visiting.
Please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point.
We were crowded into the small room.
Mariko's parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an American.
Tom is the most handsome actor in the world.
Come as soon as you can.
It will end in a waste of labor.
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.
You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
Nancy, here's a letter for you.
We must water the flower.
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
Smoking in the restaurant was forbidden.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
Marry first and love will follow.
I'd like a glass of beer.
The fire started in the kitchen.
We want freedom from poverty.
Put down your pencil.
It is a moral question.
Do you know when the musician will come here?
We could see the lights of the town in the distance.
Disease and famine go together.
It is probable that he will win the speech contest.
Mr Brown is looked up to by all the students.
At last, we made contact with the police.
We must cut down on prices; we can't compete.
Tom was also there.
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.
She failed the examination and I was greatly disappointed.
Our school was founded in 1990.
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples.
Most students do the sights of Kyoto on their school excursion.
Ben and I don't get along. We have nothing in common.
You should try to behave better.
John might know something about Mr Black.
I'm tired of your everlasting grumbles.
How long will it take?
I want some money.
Heavy sound is being looked for.
The party opened with his speech.
The teacher exhorted his pupils to do well.
How dare you say that?
I was in the mountains.
Such a plan can hardly succeed.
Could you move the chair a bit?
We enjoyed ourselves at the seaside all day.
Great Britain is no longer in control of world politics.
If I had known about the plan, I could have helped him.
Does Tom still rely on his parents?
Wherever you may go, you'll be welcomed.
There is a radio on the table.
Set it down there.
Are you insane for you to stay up all night playing cards?
I have some appreciation of your problems.
At last, she has brought the plan into effect.
Maria always whispers words of wisdom.
The hermit lived in a wooden hut.
If it were not for great books, our lives would be much the poorer.
I'm so glad that you succeeded.
Have you decided what to do yet?
I am at a loss what to do.
Miss Brown has gotten used to eating Japanese food.
It is not to be wondered at.
France used to have many colonies in Africa.
Take care of yourself, and have a good time!
Don't slam the door.
It is in early spring that daffodils come into bloom.
The mountains in the Himalayas are higher than those in the Andes.
We'll run into her at the party.
That's because you're a girl.
The TV was turned on.
Come what may, I won't change my mind.
All things must have an end.
You should make an effort to stop smoking.
It may sound strange, but what he said is true.
I beg your pardon; I didn't quite catch your name.
I'm almost done.
I'm not wearing a diamond ring, but I'm happy.
The firm might have lost all its money if it had taken his advice.
Please don't go to the trouble of coming to our office.
You were careless in your action.
Something happened and he couldn't keep his promise.
See you soon!
Tell me when you will call me.
It is beneath him to say such a thing.
The lions are in the cage.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go on a picnic.
Winds from the sea are moist.
Ask whichever of the boys you see first.
The boat hugged the shore.
The brightest student expressed gratitude on behalf of his classmates.
The doctor used X-rays to examine my stomach.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
Helen did me a good turn.
What a nice face she has!
We should help the needy.
Please help yourself.
You can take either book.
By the way, what is your address?
It is kind of you go out of your way to help me.
The batter struck out swinging.
Are there any express trains?
Bill has a lot of original ideas.
Working together, they cleaned the entire house in no time.
Be sure to drop in at my house.
We are to meet at noon.
How do I get to Chinatown?
You will find this in a hardware store.
I am four months pregnant.
It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
The chief crop of our country is rice.
The buzzer sounded.
You look as though nothing has happened to you.
I'll bet my bottom dollar he'll succeed.
Bob told Jane not to interfere in his personal affairs.
It is a kind of orange.
It is too dark to see clearly.
A strong yen is acting against Japan's export industries.
If you want any money, I will lend you some.
Let's find something to sit on.
What a cute little girl!
It is so good to be able to speak a number of foreign languages.
This was before John was put in prison.
Will you give me a glass of milk?
Yes, he has already written it.
Everybody looks up to him.
In spite of the rain, the game was not cancelled.
Meg has a lovely face.
I have no idea what you mean.
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?
I have promised myself to read more books.
That was a close call.
Pat stripped off his clothes and dived in.
Choose such friends as will benefit you.
He won't come if it rains.
That doesn't regard you at all.
We mustn't make too much of this incident.
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
The train was so crowded that I was kept standing all the way.
Stay out of the rain.
How did you figure out this problem?
That is a studied insult.
With the bridge destroyed, there was nothing to do but swim.
I don't like these remarks.
Oddly enough, he insisted on his innocence.
Could we have a table on the terrace?
I'll get my son to wash my car somehow or other.
Mrs. Bush is our English teacher.
We still have enough time to discuss it.
I'm worn out.
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.
We must get over this difficulty.
Just fancy!
Hanako called his bluff.
I think that you're wrong.
Is there a milkman?
When was it that you visited the museum?
Hearing the bell, the examinees knew it was time to stop.
Have a nice day!
There can be no joy in that idle life.
Your wife is mad at you.
Let's stop off and see a movie.
We are cruising at an altitude of 39,000 feet.
What the king says is always absolute.
There is only one day left, whether we like it or not.
We turned a corner and drove north.
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.
He was not at home, as is often the case with him.
How about Thai food?
After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
The committee was not disposed to hold another meeting.
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
He was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
I must help her at any cost.
We must maintain the amicable relations between Japan and the U.S.
I'll not divorce you, unless you give me a good reason.
Communism is the system practiced in the Soviet Union.
That's my dictionary.
It backfired on me despite my good intentions.
It is next to impossible to carry it out.
Make your choice.
I made it myself.
Since there was no bus, I had to walk.
I can't hide the fact from you.
I don't know whether to go to the party or not.
I have a headache.
It's your move.
You may go at once.
I lost my receipt. Can I still get a refund?
She's really smart, isn't she?
Smoke is rising from the chimney.
The time will soon come when his words will come true.
If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
They're almost three times as big as we are.
I managed to get out of the crowd.
Should I clean your windshield?
Give the devil his due.
Did you inform your friends of your home-coming?
But "experiment" is not the appropriate word.
I exchanged yen for dollars.
Take any two cards you like.
Which station are you going to?
It's not like you to cry at movies.
Which beautician would you like?
A lot of English words are derived from Latin.
You could also say that he's at the bottom of the class, for sure.
Come downstairs as soon as possible.
Isn't it difficult to make yourself understood in a foreign language?
You have to judge the case without bias.
Almost all boys can play baseball.
I walked the whole way to the station.
On no account should you reveal the secret.
The public at large are dissatisfied with the present government.
I didn't mean to do that.
Mom didn't mention it.
My, you're looking green around the gills.
You never have time for important things!
Mayuko wiped a table with a cloth.
Smoking or non smoking?
Our experiment has revealed that his report was unreliable.
The swimmers were numb with cold.
It was a nightmare.
I used to look up to him, but not anymore.
What a wonderful morning! I feel on top of the world.
Lucy came closer to the boy and laid her hand on his head.
It is written in simple English.
Do I have to focus it?
I can do it if you give me a chance.
I belong to a tennis club.
A burglar broke into his house.
Do you ever hear anything about Misako?
We ran short of money.
I can't wait any more.
Did any of you gentlemen wait on this man?
Almost no students get full marks in Chinese classics.
To kill two birds with one stone.
Will you walk down to the school with me?
Hearing you sing, people might take you for a girl.
The rich are apt to look down upon the poor.
Bill wanted to get to the office in good time to clean his desk.
Those animals were in danger of dying out.
We considered going, but finally decided against it.
I have no intention of fishing in troubled waters.
It was dark under the bridge.
The ball hit him on the left side of the head.
The roof was damaged by the storm.
There is no salt left.
I have no idea why she got so angry.
Meat is very expensive nowadays.
Tracy, I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
Could you show me the way to the bus stop?
Modern methods improved industry.
The status of the project is as follows.
How is your work coming along?
We should love our neighbors.
I'm going to take my car.
Helen is more pretty than beautiful.
I'll make a little money, and Mr White will never know.
Is there no alternative to your method?
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health.
It is beyond the boundary of human knowledge.
Where did you get the idea?
Observe his facial reaction when we mention a price.
How can you tolerate such a deed?
Television helps us widen our knowledge.
Will you tell me where to buy the ticket?
Hurry up! Here comes the bus.
Madeira is the name of a wine.
We must promote commerce with neighboring countries.
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
I need to get there soon by any means.
Please exchange yen for dollars.
Do you like summer?
It happened last October.
Thomas was named after his father.
I have a feeling that something dreadful is going to happen.
Translate the underlined part.
Who designed the White House?
Here, I got us a bottle of white wine.
It's naive of you to believe that.
Please sing a song.
With a little more patience, she would have succeeded.
You'll have some difficulty in carrying out the plan.
It's about the size of an egg.
Will you leave the door open?
Would you mind turning down the volume?
Don't ask for money.
I think it better not to try.
One cannot judge people only by their outward appearances.
The New York Times reviews her gallery all the time.
We must put safety before anything else.
The patient was allowed up.
No one knows his address but Tom.
You've done more than enough.
Do I need a tie?
Why does that goose sit on her eggs?
It is almost ten o'clock.
Whichever way you go, you can get to the station.
Please let me speak first.
The festive mood was slightly spoiled by terrorist bombs.
If I were you, I would go home and take a good rest.
I seem to have left my umbrella behind in the train.
You need to have friends who can help you out.
As I reached the station, I got off the bus.
After only 36 months, Koko could use 184 signs.
In no case are you to leave your post.
If you had taken my advice, you wouldn't be in such trouble.
She went there last summer.
Apart from the plot, the book interested me.
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
I have push button phones.
He would be very glad to hear the news.
You may fail, for all I care.
Your composition was good except for the spelling.
Was there a book on the desk?
The whole neighborhood mourned his death.
What time shall I pick you up?
I spent the holidays decorating the house.
Give me something nice to drink.
Let me know if you are in need of anything.
Climbing the Matterhorn is difficult.
After all, it might be imagination.
Our holiday plans are still up in the air.
Did she hurt that kitten?
It was very difficult.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
A cow is a useful animal.
That cannot have been true.
Don't shout at the crying child. It only adds fuel to the fire.
Miss Thomas teaches us history.
Can you guess which cooler is the most efficient?
Do you have Time magazine?
It would be fun to see how things change over the years.
Only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
We can't sleep because of the noise.
I hope the wine is to your taste.
It was apparent that there was no way out.
The meeting ended at three in the afternoon.
I wish you a pleasant voyage.
The air is soft, the soil moist.
Good leather will wear for years.
Can I use my medical insurance?
The committee adjourned to another hall.
Kick with your legs straight to go forward.
There is little water in the bucket.
Why did Bill tear the letter into pieces?
Tom is a man of absolute sincerity.
Of course you can trust me. Have I ever given you a bum steer before?
We had not gone so far when it started to rain.
Thank you for the pleasant evening.
Tom has been going with Jane for almost a year now.
Now let's hurry to school.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldn't pay for so many books.
Our army attacked the enemy during the night.
Nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as Freud.
If we were to live on the moon, how large would the earth look?
Science rests upon observation.
Because dogs are more faithful than cats.
How soon will this laundry be ready?
Turning to the right, you will see a white tower.
Students came of their own accord to help the villagers.
We should approach this problem from different angles.
Camels are often used to travel in the desert.
I've never heard of such a strange story.
He died without having made a will.
The buds are just showing.
You are expected to pass the exam.
What places do you enjoy?
We hired a car for a week when we were in Italy.
There used to be a church here.
Skinflicks usually play in old theaters in a sleazy part of town.
You're being bossy, aren't you?
Some of the boys are fishing and the others are swimming.
Fred, behave, and I'm not joking, either.
I'll meet him at the earliest opportunity possible.
We communicate by means of language.
When the cold winter began, the old man's health deteriorated.
How kind you are!
If it is sunny tomorrow, we will go on a picnic.
It is true Wendy grew up at the seaside, but she isn't a good swimmer.
The students demonstrated against the new government.
Fishing trawlers have fished out all the local waters.
Why did you paint the bench red?
I want more detailed information.
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.
There's a scent of danger.
Mr Kaifu is used to making speeches in public.
Tom is growing a mustache.
The doctor bound my wounds.
What has become of your sister?
Mary is such a worrywart.
You ought not to say such a thing.
Most birds can see only by day.
The smell of roses filled the room.
The eagle is king of birds.
It's the same for everyone.
It is nice to have a lot of friends.
Let's take a rest.
You can buy and read any kind of book at any time.
Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle.
Come on! Talk to me, Trang.
The church sits on the outskirts of town.
You went too far in your joke.
It happened that he was out.
Then who are you? Are you Elijah?
Whoever may oppose my plan, I will carry it out nonetheless.
It isn't expensive.
You can get a loan from a bank.
I keep a large dictionary close at hand when I read English magazines.
Is your trunk locked?
Almost all the students believed the rumor.
I can't say the opposite.
Mary is not used to being made fun of in the presence of others.
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen.
I'll be only too glad to go with you.
It is far from easy to understand it.
It is difficult for a foreigner to study Japanese.
When do I get there?
Their sizes are much the same.
All but one were present.
Oh, but he did come to Tokyo alone.
You really shouldn't use pirated software.
Your suggestion came up at the meeting.
The comic books were piled on the desk.
There's a secret path on the left.
The company took action against its former accountant.
Our plan was fully realized.
Tom lost his job.
They were symptoms of the earthquake.
It's nonsense to try that.
You should do the honorable thing and resign.
Your answer isn't correct. Try again.
That won't make any difference.
Speaking of Mary, I have not seen her for a long time.
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station.
Let's get on the bus.
Will you kindly let me have a look at it?
Ah! is an interjection.
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.
A swallow flies very swiftly.
Oh, I'm just going to take it easy.
You are a tennis player.
He can do it if anybody can.
Which car is ours?
English is spoken in many countries around the world.
He's not working much at the moment.
I have some idea of what happened.
It goes without saying that diligence is a key to success.
Most people only want to hear their own truth.
I'm glad to see you.
If I had to define life in a word, it would be: Life is creation.
The essence of liberty is mathematics.
There's nothing like a good hot bath.
I'll make you happy no matter what happens.
The dove is a symbol of peace.
What time and where could we meet?
Our team won in the intercollegiate tournament.
I hope you had a nice trip.
Meetings are held every other week.
Tom is a good cook.
She was about to go to bed when someone knocked on the door.
Do you have enough information to go on?
Bill came to see me last autumn.
Bill is not tall like you.
The school stands about one mile off.
This day was just a waste of time and money.
You're not fast enough.
Your composition is as good as ever.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
I will do anything for you.
Many animals that lived thousands of years ago are now extinct.
You should do your best in everything.
How's your wife?
We debated the problem.
You have a light hand, don't you?
We hit the right road in the dark.
If you come upon a new word in a sentence, what will you do with it?
I've been waiting for you for over an hour.
It has been 33 years since Marilyn Monroe died.
If he had been with me then, I would not have done such a thing.
I couldn't make myself understood in English.
If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
The treaty has been concluded after many twists and turns.
At last, we were home!
He had a lot of straight, silvery hair.
It's not so far.
Tom was the sort of man you could get along with.
I'm just going to stay home.
You may as well take a nap as read such a magazine.
Please let me know immediately if you would like to use this computer.
You must keep your shoes clean.
They are important matters.
There was nothing for it but to tolerate it.
Not a cloud was to be seen.
Even if you lose the game, you'll have another chance.
I cannot support your conduct.
I put on an air of interest.
What do you want to be?
Fire! Run!
It was a poor concert.
Want to hear something funny?
Generally speaking, children like to play outdoors.
However fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
Far away across the sea lies the sunny land of Italy.
Try your best in everything.
The recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous.
There was a violent storm at sea.
Use your head for a change.
People should understand that the world is changing.
If I had enough money, I would buy that nice car.
If it rains, the excursion will be called off.
Not bad. But I'm a little tired.
We have had bad weather recently.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
Where are the other girls?
Whatever game I play with you, you never win.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house.
What time are you leaving?
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
It is important for you to keep this secret.
We have to do a great deal of reading.
What a great concert it was!
The dry season will set in soon.
A variety of creatures can be seen under the water.
I'm glad that your team won the game.
Hmm, how shall I say this?
What fruit do you like the best?
Mr Ford is what is called a self-made man.
I wish you could come with us.
It hangs on your decision.
Tom is the on-deck batter.
It's in a small room at the end of the garden.
The thermometer went down below zero.
They made huge, grotesque, yet beautiful poles of red cedar.
The mice ate some of the bread.
Where is the milk tea?
Your undaunted spirit will carry you through.
I like it better now that I'm used to it.
If you will help us, we will be very glad.
There will be a dance Friday night at the high school.
Yoke the oxen to the plow.
If I were you, I would quit my job and leave London.
Michael Jackson is popular in the US.
The homeless sought shelter from the chilly shower.
It is important to strengthen the basis.
How can you benefit by being so unpleasant?
It happened just when the curtain was falling.
I went to the South Pacific for a summer of romantic adventure.
Korea is now up and coming.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
Most people write about their daily life.
Why don't you put your best foot forward?
It took five minutes to get to the station.
Is there any likelihood that Mr Black will agree to the plan?
Which are Taro's?
The cause of the fire is not known.
The race went down to the wire.
You may as well withdraw from the club right away.
Don't expose it to the rain.
Why have I done it?
I cannot conceive why she has done such a thing.
First, I'm going to do an outline of my new website.
Let's pretend we are aliens.
There is a hut at the back of our house.
The doctor may have said so.
I'll be glad to help him.
Mary became a typist.
Hence, loathed melancholy.
Mary is respected by everyone.
There were food and drink in abundance at the party.
Some factories pollute the environment.
Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
Your o's look like a's.
Look, your shoelaces have come undone.
The Sumida is not a good river for us to swim in any more.
Hunger drove him to steal.
We have never heard from him since.
Ben is not as young as he looks.
The clouds were driven away by the wind.
Did you enjoy yourself at the party?
You seem to be thinking of something else.
Unless you turn the radio off, I will go mad.
Sleep off the problem.
It is a sheer waste of time.
Please tell me the truth.
We insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible.
The company exploited its workers through low wages.
The prince succeeded to the throne.
The rain lasted through the night.
I find foreign languages very interesting.
Give me a hand, will you?
Few rich men own their own property.
I have a spare key to my house hidden outside.
At any rate, I will do my best.
In Kabuki not only talent but also heredity counts.
Not everybody succeeds in life.
Your motive was admirable, but your action was not.
You've given me good advice.
It's just a trick of the wind.
It would be splendid if we could go there, wouldn't it?
He learned the news while reading the newspaper.
Your ideas are different from mine.
The rich are apt to look down on people.
I visited my father's hometown last summer.
While I was going to school, I was caught in a shower.
You must face the facts.
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
It's not something anyone can do.
While staying in Paris, I happened to meet him.
You must practice grammar.
We got into his car and went to the sea.
Because he invited me.
Please draw water from the well.
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
This is hardly the time to start a new enterprise.
Opening the door, I found a stranger standing there.
Lansing is the state capital of Michigan.
You are not consistent in your actions.
It's getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
The airport was closed because of the fog.
I paid the bill out of my expense account.
The dog had the run of the entire house.
I'm sort of tired.
The record is finished. Turn it over to the other side.
When I feel fine, I go for a walk.
The cow missed being hit by a gnat's whisker.
I have a desire to go to England.
What on earth do you want six copies of the same book for?
We have English third period.
My wet clothes clung to my body.
The population of Yokohama is larger than that of Osaka.
She carries on smiling even in the face of adversity.
You are young. I, on the contrary, am very old.
Cold winter came on.
That's one level down.
I understand how you feel.
I see Mary playing the piano.
Apart from earning money, I have no interest in real estate.
Come closer and have a good look at this picture.
Tom received a heavy blow on the head.
You are selling him short.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
May I take a rain check?
If you had been a little more patient, you would have succeeded.
I feel like going out.
A bunch of people thrust their way toward the rear exit.
I calculated that it would cost 300 dollars.
The Romans persecuted Christians.
I canceled my appointment because of urgent business.
Please pass it to the other boys.
The train was delayed, so I could not arrive there on time.
Mayuko designed a dress for herself.
Would you keep this baggage, please?
I've been anxious to meet you.
If he fails, so what?
It is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture.
I was happy to find that they agreed to my plan.
Taro, go and brush your teeth.
French is spoken in parts of Italy as well as in France.
Is it baked?
That might have been true.
Penny wise and pound foolish.
We were surprised at the ease with which he solved the problem.
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
Many times have I scolded him.
Your English composition leaves nothing to be desired.
Success in school calls for hard study.
We disputed for hours about what to write.
We hold the same principles.
Ultimately, space flight will be beneficial to all mankind.
That's your funeral.
I'm crazy about you.
Suppose you had ten million yen, what would you do?
I'm so tired that I can't walk any longer.
How on earth can we restore our youth?
You learn a lot about your own country if you live abroad.
The rock rolled down the hillside.
On the whole, the elite are not sensitive to criticism.
Please go to the Surgery Department.
Roy is secretive and Ted is candid.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
Bob waved to whomever he saw.
The hotel fronts the lake.
There are a lot of people who try to buy a house.
That is because I got up late.
Shots were heard in the distance.
I simply don't understand this.
I'll have tomato and onion.
I'll see to the arrangements for the party.
There is a cat.
He will never get anywhere with that prejudiced idea.
Please tell me where you will live.
I don't get what you mean.
But his name is slightly familiar to me.
It made my mother's day when the family gathered and all had a party.
The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.
Mary is tall.
The school grounds extend as far as this fence.
Please indicate what action you will take.
The royal family lives in the Imperial Palace.
Please put your cigarette out.
The cold wind cut me to the bone.
How much money do you have in the bank?
The team is up for the game.
The building which stands on the hillside is our school.
Tom offered to lend me the money.
You can take whichever road you like.
It is difficult planning meals for so many people.
I wish you had told me the truth then.
No musician would have thought of playing that music at the funeral.
I read an exciting story.
His whole family is like that.
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.
I used to go fishing quite often, but now I rarely go.
We put up at a lakeside hotel for the night.
Those present were all moved to tears.
I wanted some salt, but there was none in the jar.
We were as one in our opinion.
I'm cold. May I close the window?
Why?
Should I make my bed every day?
You must gather further information.
You'd better consult the doctor.
There is an exception to every rule.
You are the next in line for promotion.
It's nothing short of a miracle.
I spent the whole afternoon chatting with friends.
A little more effort, and you will get on in life.
We are worried about you.
I am very fond of lobsters, but they are very, very expensive.
It was a mistake on their part.
Fred and George took turns with the driving.
Bill has the makings of an excellent scientist.
Corporate bankruptcies continued at a high level last month.
Where can I get my baggage?
We found the front door locked.
It is difficult to wake up on cold mornings.
How far is it from New York to London?
In the first place, we must have capital to begin it with.
The eldest sister acted in place of the mother.
The belly has no ears.
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
They are always believing a groundless rumor.
You are mistaken as to what makes him so nervous.
They made up their minds to go by car in spite of bad weather.
I know that Nancy likes music.
The milk has turned sour.
Can I deposit valuables here?
Your work comes short of the expected standard.
You can see the sea on your right.
Yoko is interested in collecting stamps.
The great critic and the poet are traveling together.
Some boys came into the classroom.
Not bad. I can earn a good enough living.
You would do well to tell it to him in advance.
I saw you with a tall boy.
It is unusual to see rock stars wearing a tie!
When it rains, the buses are late more often than not.
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
Too much exercise can do more harm than good.
Scarcely had the rain stopped before a rainbow appeared.
Which prince is the legitimate heir to the throne?
How shall we deal with this problem?
At last, they came to a decision.
The lamp hung from the ceiling.
Brazil supplies us with much of our coffee.
Please put a lump of sugar in my coffee.
All of the students were present.
Why is he looking at me as though he knows me?
I have no idea why it is so.
I bought it for 10 dollars.
Movie making is an exciting job.
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
Don't haggle over a small sum of money.
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
To my surprise, he got married to a very beautiful actress.
There were a good many people on the platform.
If only the rain would stop!
I'd like two slices of toast and a cup of tea.
Boxing is not always a rough sport.
What would happen?
I seize the moment and turn it to my advantage.
Arriving at school, I found the race was over.
Quite a few people went to the concert.
Science can be dangerous when applied carelessly.
With his support, she might have been elected mayor.
At any rate, I'll go to college after graduating from high school.
No, it's second hand.
How complex?
The thermometer reads three degrees below zero.
Did you happen to see her yesterday?
Old friends called on me.
Any member can make use of these facilities.
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.
There is a bottle of wine on the table.
Turtles live to a great age.
Destiny is sometimes cruel.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
Pay the cashier on the way out.
The TV was on all the time.
Companies welcome workers who take initiative.
Is there anything you want that you don't have?
Tom is always playing video games.
To share one's passion is to live it fully.
I ran into my old teacher at the station.
The date of the party is still up in the air.
Don't degrade yourself by telling such a lie.
You must practice it at regular intervals.
I will put off my departure if it rains.
Mr Hobson shut the shop and went home.
Let's sing a happy song.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the street.
The bridge crashed under the pressure.
Please help yourself to the pizza.
You should follow your teacher's advice.
The doctor set his broken leg.
The cancer has spread to her stomach.
When I see this picture, I always think of the old days.
Please give my best regards to your parents.
I ran into Mr Lynch on the bus.
What happened? There's water all over the apartment.
If a thing is worth doing it is worth doing badly.
Don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains.
During the rush hours we find it difficult to get a taxi around here.
We are bored with the joke of professorial custom.
We measured the depth of the river.
The committee returned to their seats.
What time does the dance floor get crowded?
That's against the law.
Your contribution to the school is tax-deductible.
I'm sorry I can't go.
My lower abdomen feels bloated.
I have had enough of sweets.
The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below.
Take good care of yourself.
The television doesn't work.
How many staff members filed to change departments?
I see a rare flower in the vase.
All were silent.
Rats breed rapidly.
The teachers are trying to motivate their students.
TV is harmful in that it keeps your mind in a passive state.
It's a pain in the neck.
We skied down the slope.
Lincoln died in 1865.
The printing business made Bill a small fortune.
I want to be more independent.
Take it easy.
The habit of smoking is very difficult to get rid of.
When you breathe out in cold weather, you can see your breath.
There is a key on the desk.
It is a difficult problem.
The rule requires that theses be written in English.
Some boys are diligent, others are idle.
Bread and butter is my usual breakfast.
Does it bark at her?
I've got my friend on the line right now.
Please tell me what happened - off the record, of course.
The pain in my stomach has gone.
I wish I could go with you, but as it is, I can't.
I guess that's just the way the cookie crumbles.
How amazing that your mother speaks six languages!
Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
You should be prudent in deciding which way to go.
Tears of joy rained down their cheeks.
Every country has its national flag.
I think that a new fruit drink will go over big during the summer.
I am sad to hear it.
I don't want to go by plane, if I can help it.
I discouraged him from going swimming as it was likely to rain.
I hear you are still associating with him.
Luck turned in my favor.
You must help her, and soon!
Bottle or glass?
The company plans to close its U.S. sales unit in New York.
I think this one is inferior to that in quality.
Speak up!
Mrs. Thompson wants to conceal the fact that she is a millionaire.
I wore out two pairs of jogging shoes last year.
You needn't have hurried; you've arrived too early.
Please keep this information to yourself.
Nick is by no means satisfied with the reward.
I'll accompany you to the station.
Don't push me very hard. It's dangerous.
Mr. White is a liberal politician.
Tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him.
We stood at the door and waited.
I watch television.
I don't want to associate with Yumiko; she usually tells lies.
Left alone, I sometimes feel like crying.
Is there a hairdresser in the hotel?
What do you make of it?
Is there anything that I should not eat?
Would you like another piece of cake?
There are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter.
Sometimes I feel like living a more peaceful life.
Has a change in ocean currents occurred?
How do you plan to get home?
You should talk. You only got a 65.
I was wrong all the same.
I must get the television fixed.
In general, it may be said that he is a genius in music.
We sat, as it were, on a volcano.
Mary wants to become a teacher.
Why do you study?
The sky is covered with clouds.
Will you write with a ballpoint pen?
We had a lot of rain last year.
My little brother is watching TV.
At all costs, I want to live in America.
The committee comprises ten members.
Why don't we drive out to the country for a change of pace?
Put it where children can't get at it.
A row of old houses is being destroyed to make way for new flats.
The doctor examined my throat.
You have only to sign your name here.
No one noticed the bear's appearance.
It was all our fault.
You should make your ideas correspond with reality.
You're wet through.
We are not born for ourselves.
Just take it easy.
Tony is a very good tennis player.
What a nerve!
Every time I go to see him, he is in bed.
You are free to go home.
I am not excited any more than you are.
How early do I have to make a reservation to qualify for the discount?
Not a day passes in which we don't use electricity in our daily lives.
Do you have any smaller sizes?
The music gradually died away.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought the book.
The babysitter tried to sing the baby to sleep.
What's the matter? You look pale.
Linda went to the park to listen to the music.
I might as well starve as do such a thing.
Pay will be based on experience and educational background.
We punished him according to the rules.
They are now sitting in conference on that question.
So nobody bothered about me.
Mary shut herself up in the room, with all the windows closed.
What fun!
I keep your interests at heart all the time.
Speak louder so everyone can hear you.
What languages do they speak in Korea?
English has spread all over the country.
We had frequent snowfalls last year.
I've used up my wages, but I have my bank account to fall back on.
Fruit trees require a large amount of space in which to grow.
You had better not associate with those men.
I watched a movie on video.
I asked for a seat in the no-smoking section.
Billy often hits his face against windows.
Teaching is learning.
Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
Since you like to write letters, why don't you drop her a line?
Shall I close the door?
The stock market was surprisingly quiet today.
At last, he found out how to make it.
It's much too cold to swim.
Please wait a moment while I write out your receipt.
Regular attendance is important in a foreign language class.
Why should I apologize to you?
I borrowed money not only from Tom, but from his wife, too.
The train has not arrived yet.
Those books are mine.
I'm going to make a drink.
Don't you think it a bad thing?
I'm sorry, but he isn't home.
The bus had already left when I got to the bus stop.
Fair competition is necessary for the healthy growth of industry.
Milk boils at a higher temperature than water.
How soon does the bus leave?
Little did I dream of hearing such a merry song.
The town was deluged with tourists in summer.
The secret of the pyramid was brought to light by science.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
It just so happened that Mr Yamada came from the same town.
Your driver's license has expired.
Is there a youth hostel near here?
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
I'll begin by introducing myself.
Bill will take you on at tennis.
Please tell me how to cook sukiyaki.
As it happened, I had no money with me.
Many European people are aware of environmental problems.
Owls cannot see in the daytime.
Please don't bother.
I've burnt the toast.
The company's gamble paid off.
The ceremony began with his speech.
Lincoln set the slaves free.
I had to resort to threats to get my money back.
I'd like to check some of my valuables.
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
Rich as he is, he is not happy.
There is no easy road to learning.
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.
There is more pleasure in loving than in being loved.
What famous songs do you wish you had composed, and why?
I am too tired to walk any more.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are wrong.
Betty got over the shock.
I had hoped to save more money.
Philip and Tom are related to each other.
She might know the answer.
Please turn on the radio.
What time should I go to the airport?
Tell me what I should be watching for.
There is a vase on the table.
Mac is loved by everyone.
Your view is too optimistic.
We walked as far as the park.
You or I will be chosen.
Do you know a good place to have lunch?
Your words are as good as violence.
We compared his work with hers.
Because of rain, we couldn't go to the beach.
No other sport in Brazil is so popular as soccer.
Where is the bus terminal?
You must not make noises in the classroom.
What kind of sport do you like?
When he started the book, Hawking was unable to write by hand at all.
Can I check in now?
I'm already accustomed to the heat of summer.
We were running to and fro.
The students were ill at ease before the exam.
Have you read this book already?
We ascribe his success to hard work.
You look happy today.
The pin pierced his finger and it began to bleed.
Tony studies after dinner.
Don't forget to extinguish your cigarette.
You must take his age into account.
Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
Leaves were dropping silently to the ground.
That'll complicate matters more.
It has had no effect on him.
The hijackers moved to the rear of the plane.
How long does a bear sleep?
I was weary of doing the same thing over and over again.
We have to expect the worst.
The committee approved the budget.
During summers, I used to go to Miami.
What does your aunt do?
The store changed hands at the end of last summer.
Do you think you could make a little less noise?
Nothing can prevent her from marrying him.
What sort of fruit do you like best?
Now I'm wide awake.
First of all, may I have your name, please?
I'm afraid I have an upset stomach.
How fast Bill runs!
Don't talk so loud.
If she were here now, I could tell her the truth.
Such a ridiculous superstition no longer exists.
If it were not for the sun, there would be no life on the earth.
We're goin' home.
You may bring anyone you want.
I'm not good at speaking English yet.
Generally speaking, the Japanese people are diligent.
There were few students left in the classroom.
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.
If you had helped me, I could have accomplished the work.
I like candlelight.
What would you do if you saw a ghost?
But you will write, won't you?
That's hard to say.
I don't quite follow you.
Pencils are sold by the dozen.
A balloon is ascending into the sky.
Whose idea was it?
The boat drifted down the stream.
It's balmy today.
Can you break a 10,000 yen bill?
Mary and I are in the same class.
Mike has a few friends in Florida.
Those peasants badly need land to grow rice.
The radio warned us of the possibility of flooding.
I will go between you and your father.
I want something to drink.
We parted, never to see each other again.
The longest day must have an end.
Make haste, and you will be in time.
Without your advice, I would have been robbed of my bag.
Pass down the car, please.
Tom and Frank are good friends.
Allow a student to be absent.
The rent is due tomorrow.
The station is a ten minute drive from here.
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?
Let's go back before it begins to rain.
Rather than passing, lobbing is the way to win.
Say, he is no more than a kid.
Nothing would tempt me to deceive him.
The two leading firms are actually in cahoots with each other.
I'm going to join a demonstration.
Arriving at the station, she called up her brother.
I have no excuse.
Bill dived into the river to save the drowning child.
We all suffer from it to some degree.
That's stretching the point.
Curiously, a flower bloomed on the withered up tree.
Left to itself, the baby cried itself to sleep.
Can I have a bite?
Is it a general custom in your country?
It was a great success, ending in a long run.
Stay here with us.
You ought to take your father's advice.
Tom got angry with the high school students.
I was late to school.
You can take whichever way you like.
It is impossible to master English in a short time.
In the palace live the king and the queen.
We're all going to share it. Could you bring us some extra plates?
It seems that Wataru devoted himself to his studies.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
I've waited two whole hours. I can't wait any longer.
I wouldn't dream of letting you do that.
You had better not eat too much.
Haven't we met somewhere before? asked the student.
Anyhow I will see him.
It is true he is young, but he has much good sense.
The roof slopes sharply.
I don't know which button to push.
The house was carried away by the flood.
Bill tapped me on the shoulder.
Mr Hashimoto was confused by Ken's question.
The boss has been on his high horse all month long.
Some boats are on the lake.
What school do you go to?
The rain prevented the boys from playing baseball on the playground.
Our income is small, but we get by.
Mary is very ill and I'm afraid she is dying.
We cannot separate the sheep from the goats by appearance.
Unless it rains, I will go, too.
Let's try to arrange something.
Finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error.
If I were rich, I would study abroad, but as it is I can't do so.
Even if I am wrong, you are not quite right.
If I were younger, I would go abroad to study.
A lot of funds are necessary to travel.
I think death is preferable to shame.
I made out a tower in the distance.
Light shines on my sigh of doubt.
What time did you eat?
You should pay back your debts.
A beer, please.
We have only a slender chance of success.
But you don't have to stay to the end.
The car crashed into the wall.
How do you feel about it?
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
A mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other.
Do you know the capital of Belgium?
How do you like Kyoto?
In short, all our efforts resulted in nothing.
The article's tone was one of pessimism.
There are a lot of people walking there.
You must on no condition open the box.
You are tired, aren't you?
I missed a step on the stairs and I'm afraid I sprained my ankle.
Please open your bag.
Helen got off at the next stop.
Yes. I was very surprised at the news.
We discussed the matter from an educational point of view.
Please write your name with a pencil.
Please turn the television on.
It happened just like this.
A serious form of flu prevails throughout the country.
Don't you think this is a good opportunity to show off your talents?
You are as tall as I am.
I had difficulty in having it repaired.
Shut the door, please.
We are looking forward to seeing you.
How many books are there on the table?
Cows supply us with milk.
The good old days have gone, never to return.
He says that if he were a bird he would fly to me.
Your question is hard for me to answer.
We had a lot of snow last year.
Where is Tom's classroom?
Tom is in charge of this year's tennis tournament.
Please remind me of the time of the meeting.
Which shall I begin with?
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
I was disappointed at there being so little to do.
I can't remember how to say "Thank you" in German.
Dorothy isn't in the office.
I waited for the curtain to rise with my heart beating in excitement.
Those present at the meeting supported the bill.
Somebody, open this door, please.
What a wonderful machine!
The robbers fell upon him from behind the trees.
Smoking or non-smoking?
The bridge is made of stone.
Betty brought some roses and Jane some carnations.
I like to travel by myself.
Every student has free access to the library.
Are you planning on staying long in Berlin?
Why did you part with your house?
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority.
The speaker tried to incite the people to rebellion.
This is the first time I've had seaweed.
You've been very good to me.
The flyweight champion contended with a strong challenger.
Please get dressed.
The band paraded the streets.
When I got home, I found I had lost my wallet.
The party went to China by sea.
You ought not to have spent so much money on your hobby.
We never work on Sunday.
Show me the way, will you?
Why do you study every day?
He hasn't come already, has he?
We cannot make a change in our schedule.
Please do not take photos here.
Please tell me if I get in your way.
It was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk.
Has it stopped raining yet?
Hanako likes cake very much.
There was a little water left in the bottom of the bottle.
Did you tape that concert?
Your son has come of age.
The Golden Gate Bridge is made of iron.
Please feel free to express yourself.
Attach this label to your package.
How well Tony can play tennis!
When will you be back?
Now that he has graduated, he must become more serious.
Milk makes us strong.
How long have you been ill?
It's the best season of the year.
He passed the test as was expected.
Even if you don't like music, you'll enjoy his concert.
You should not speak so loud.
The buds are beginning to show signs of color.
Not being well, she stayed home.
It is no more than half a mile to the sea.
It is still a mystery who wrote the letter.
By all accounts, it's the truth.
Mike and David are always quarreling with each other over trifles.
A bad workman complains about his tools.
We are looking to you for help.
Tom came home just now.
Which college are you aiming for?
We could have our tea in the garden, were it a little warmer.
I think your basic theory is wrong.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
Please beat the rug, first.
If I am dull, I am at least industrious.
The only way was to ask her for help.
We had not gone far before we saw the road blocked by a truck.
Everybody praised Ken for his great courage.
There is little coffee left in the pot.
It was a very cold winter.
I'd like to call a meeting.
The Kamo runs through Kyoto.
Count me out if you go bowling.
Do you know Professor Brown by any chance?
How can you believe that she made away with the papers?
Do you mean you met her!?
I take my hat off to you.
Go out of the terminal and turn right.
I was almost at my wits' end about how to act.
Can you speak English at all?
If he had been there, I could have given him your message.
I had an operation for glaucoma last year.
There is no one but knows it.
I don't want to feel blue.
Your brother said you'd gone to Paris.
Are you happy?
I think I'm just tired.
You will hurt yourself.
Unless you make a decision quickly, the opportunity will be lost.
In case you sleep, set the alarm.
His confusion betrayed his lie.
Don't be unreasonable.
That is the same umbrella that I found on the bus.
Bill got up so early that he caught the first train.
You should apologize.
Why do I even care?
My birthday is coming soon.
I thought you had come on business.
I don't need fake friends.
Everything comes to those who wait.
Please back me up!
Would you please turn down the TV?
The sky is over our heads.
Tom didn't mention the accident to me.
You shall not have your own way in everything.
Who else is gone today?
Bill put aside a hundred dollars for his trip.
Please put on your shoes.
It's in my jacket pocket.
Such a plan will give rise to many problems.
For God's sake, tomorrow's left behind.
As it is late, turn off the TV.
It is me that is wrong.
It isn't hard to do.
It's a lot of fun making people laugh while giving a speech.
Louie, your friends are coming.
Bill can run faster than Bob.
Where is the mailbox?
While in Europe, she visited Rome.
I meant it as a joke.
Fruits decay in the sun.
Had he taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
Look! There's a cat in the kitchen.
Stock prices declined for five consecutive days.
Who ever can it be?
Let well enough alone.
English is easy to learn.
Peter is not in now.
Please make sure.
Learning English is hard work.
Down came the rain in torrents.
It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.
Your team doesn't have a prayer to win the championship game.
This doesn't mean the danger has passed.
Music surrounds our lives like air.
Not only the balls; the bat was also stolen yesterday.
I need a lot of cloth to make a long dress.
Why aren't you coming with us?
Newton established the law of gravity.
The sound of an awful scream made him shudder.
Your sense of humor is beginning to exert itself.
It was the same all year round.
Prince Charles will be the next king of England.
What time can you come?
It's too dark to play outside.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I'd like to make a call.
Mary told me that she was glad to see me.
I'll give you a day to think about it.
Unfortunately, the telephone was out of order.
Where's the toilet?
It is believed that Mary is good at tennis.
A double, please.
It is too cruel, I should say.
I am so full of foolish ideas today.
Though Tony is American, he can't speak English.
Bill really drinks like a fish.
I don't know if I have the time.
Mr Kato was too old to work any longer.
I don't speak French well enough!
It is finally all over. Now we can relax.
We've made a final decision.
What an easy problem it is!
That would give him a terrible lead over me.
I hope it won't be long before I hear from her.
Don't take that dramatic attitude all of a sudden.
My watch stopped working.
What do you say to going fishing with me?
There is a car in front of the building.
Sometimes the boys would play a joke on the teacher.
I'm tickled pink about winning 10,000 yen at the horse races.
Never forget to put out the fire.
There wasn't a soul in sight.
Others engage in volunteer work.
I had a chance to travel abroad.
Have you taken your medicine yet?
I have to go to sleep.
But they are all people.
Why didn't you get one before we left?
I feel that I don't really belong here.
I couldn't help falling asleep.
All right. It's a deal.
To behave like that, he must be out of his mind.
I need a bag. Will you lend me one?
The rice crop is already in.
If wishes were horses, beggars might ride.
And why do you think that is?
Bill was in Japan.
One can drink too much, but one never drinks enough.
It was his car that ran over Lucy and her dog.
Nancy papered her room green.
I will lend you money just this once.
Those who know him like him.
Nixon was caught lying because he bugged his own office.
You reap what you sow.
I wonder which of you will win.
One more step, and I would have fallen off the cliff.
I remember meeting you somewhere.
I don't want any more.
Supplies cannot keep up with the demand.
Try to reproduce the music in your mind.
Anyway, please come in.
Look out! There's a truck coming!
Why are you being so secretive?
Won't you hear my thoughts?
Many birds are on the branch.
As soon as he felt his house shake, he rushed out into the garden.
Mike was very kind. He got my car repaired for free.
The landlord won't permit him to paint the door red.
Why did you quit?
The bus service won't be available until the snow has melted.
It is never too late to mend.
I know the boy who is sitting closest to the door.
If John should call me, tell him I'll be back at seven.
May I have coupon tickets?
A very handsome prince met an exceptionally beautiful princess.
Most elevators operate automatically.
Take a taxi to the hotel.
Students don't read many books because of TV and comics.
Tom is keen on surfing.
You looked at me.
There's no toilet paper.
It was not long before the game began.
My house is only a mile from here.
The cold north wind was roaring outside.
What a nasty man he is!
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
What do you say to going out for a short walk?
You need your parents' permission if you are going to apply for that.
There's an old movie theater in town.
How can I get to the hospital by bus?
You had better not work too hard.
Marconi invented the radio.
I'd like to change these pesos, please.
There is a pen between the apple and the book.
Do you swim very fast, too?
Mary plays the piano.
Please drop in on us.
Every rose has its thorn.
Have you studied Darwin's theory of evolution?
All are interested in Japan.
What a pity it is!
That's the last straw!
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
Tom was singled out for praise.
The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.
We are not short of oil in this country.
You should work hard so that you can pass any exam you take.
All my doubts about it have been driven away.
I saw a movie for the first time in two years.
It is said that there will be an election soon.
I didn't marry her because I loved her.
I have an allergy to milk.
Goodbyes are always sad.
I think it's going to be a nice day.
Every effort deserves a reward.
It is easy to play tennis.
You are no better at remembering things than I am.
We all went in search of gold.
Takuya told me to start at once.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
Mary is setting by money to go to Japan.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
Generally speaking, the climate in England is mild.
It took the best part of my holiday to finish it.
I'm looking forward to the New Year holidays.
How many schools are there in your city?
Go early in order to get a good seat.
Many restaurants and pubs are on Itsutsugi Street.
Yes, but it'll be difficult.
The Dodgers and Giants, traditional rivals, arrived together.
TV programs have a bad influence on children.
He's sleeping like a baby.
At last, John and Sue decided to cut the apple into halves.
Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
The clouds are getting darker.
I'm broke.
I can not agree with you as regards that.
Tom is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Have you done with the paper?
You go first.
What would you do if the world were to come to an end tomorrow?
Hang onto Daddy!
Bill can ride a bicycle.
Modern jazz is not my line.
Come down, Dick. It is time for dinner.
Sir, you are not allowed to park your car here.
The dam gave way and sent a great flush of water down the valley.
We must provide for old age.
Mummy, who's terrified of mice, had two fears to cope with.
That's his specialty.
Well, they say bad news travels fast.
Take it easy. I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
It is easier to sympathize with sorrow than to sympathize with joy.
There was a momentary pause.
Let's skip school and go see the movie.
It is not a matter to laugh about.
The flowers in the vase are roses.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
You can go home if you like.
The youngest child spent every morning at a nursery.
Your question does not bear on the subject under discussion.
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.
You will soon cease to think of her.
Locate Puerto Rico on a map.
We'll get along without that much money somehow.
Whichever wins, I'll be happy.
Where do I claim my bags?
Bach and Handel were contemporaries.
Linda came home late at night.
Lend me something interesting to read.
An emergency may occur at any time.
Have you ever seen a kangaroo?
A strong wind is blowing and I can't walk fast.
We hadn't so much as heard of her name.
She shone her torch onto the floor before us.
The smoke poured out of the chimney.
The clouds are rolling away.
How about playing catch in the vacant lot near by?
Why is life so full of suffering?
Let's take it for a month on trial.
It was on a Christmas when it snowed heavily.
If you are to succeed, you must work hard.
He as well as you likes baseball.
It's about time you were independent of your parents.
She likes music. "So do I."
We cannot subdue nature.
By and by he forgot that affair.
How come you aren't taking me?
What is it?
I can't do it.
Please don't write letters to me anymore.
We must work hard to break down social barriers.
Please let me make it up to you.
You must clear the table.
She will be relocated to New Zealand.
You are to get up earlier.
Why do you think he said so?
Have you ever seen him swimming?
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
When you put it so strongly, I can't say I don't agree.
Get them out of the way.
There is a rule concerning the use of knives and forks.
Romeo, believing that Juliet was dead, decided to kill himself.
If you can't do it confidently, at least do it hopefully.
Do you know how to use a personal computer?
What's your job?
You don't have to carry your baggage.
My computer has got to be useful for something.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
Dr. Patterson communicated with a gorilla using sign language.
Let's not think like that.
We are in the era of atomic energy.
Why aren't you going? "Because I don't want to."
The church is between my house and yours.
You are a busy man, so I will adjust myself to your schedule.
I have something to tell you.
Do you, by any chance, think you will succeed?
We looked down on him as a coward.
I will forgive him out of consideration for you.
I will be with you right away.
Take three at a time.
Please keep it secret.
Teachers shouldn't fall back on their authority.
Another three miles is more than I can walk.
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster.
You shouldn't look down on him.
Do your best.
He won't beat me.
It happened quite recently.
Is there much sugar in the jar?
I have plenty of money with me.
I found that I could not study well with the radio on.
You cannot be too diligent.
Bob's really a chip off the old block.
How beautiful it is!
To my surprise, the anthropologist was accused of murder.
Oh, come off it.
It's sort of strange.
I'll be there rain or shine.
We have a good opinion of your invention.
Talking of music, what kind of music do you like?
That won't change anything.
Please help yourself to some fruit.
Our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in Russia.
Due to bad weather, the plane arrived three hours late.
Some read books just to pass time.
Please keep in touch.
The burglar tied my hands behind my back with a rope.
I was at a loss as to what to say.
A bad habit, once formed, cannot easily be got rid of.
The approaches used in those two designs are exactly alike.
Do you think he made that mistake on purpose?
A doctor's instruments must be kept absolutely clean.
Tell me about it!
What are you talking about?
The committee eagerly welcomed her as chairperson.
I was fool enough to do so.
I don't wanna clean up dog shit.
Engineers are crazy about solar energy.
I saw at a glance that the empty house was badly in need of repair.
All the students attended the party.
I hope all of them will come in time.
So nice that you are back.
Sure enough, he entertained doubts.
He remains calm in the face of danger.
If there were no air, man could not live even ten minutes.
I met him on the street by chance.
Some children are swimming in the sea.
I'll teach you how to drive a car.
Sometimes he can be a strange guy.
The cattle are marked with brands.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
Do your homework before you watch TV.
I am sick of your complaint.
Did the newspaper say it was going to rain?
Your refusal to help complicated matters.
There is a TV remote control under the couch.
There's a fortune in the making for any hard worker.
Our team is in the cellar.
The question is how to carry it out.
We were certain of winning the game.
He took a taxi so as not to be late for the party.
You cannot pull the wool over my eyes.
We thought that you were married.
Your method of teaching English is absurd.
I asked the teacher which was the better.
The sky has become overcast.
We fail to grasp the meaning of the word.
It has cost me $100 altogether.
I've got a touch of the flu.
Tom can do this work alone.
A bad cold prevented her from attending the class.
A few words may betray a man's true character.
What seats do you want?
Mary decided never to see him any more.
Our plane was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
She wasn't hurt, but she got goose bumps when her car nearly crashed.
Yes, and here's a photo of the farm where we milked the cows.
Though it was very late, he went on working.
How do you want them?
I studied mathematics under Dr. Brown.
The family had a hard time after the war.
The vase crashed and shattered into pieces.
You are telling it second hand, aren't you?
You could have done it.
I don't give a damn about it.
We cannot have our own way in everything.
The soles of my shoes are worn.
I am an eager student of magic.
The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free.
He is nothing, if not kind.
I'm dying to go to New York.
The rain compelled us to put off the gathering.
Some students like English, and others like physics.
One minute earlier, and they could have caught the bus.
That is, she is a poor dancer.
I hear that you've been ill.
I've never been spoken to like that.
Which cap is yours?
They awarded her first prize at the flower show.
It is said that Tom has a cold.
Stocks hit a new high.
Mr White appeared for him in court.
Drinking and driving can be dangerous.
Tom feels that his team will win the game.
You must go to bed now.
Why do you study so hard?
I think I have to begin working on my homework.
If he comes, tell him to wait for me.
Are you from Kyoto?
We came on account of your sick mother.
Inoue doesn't like computers.
You will ruin your health if you drink too much.
The sea is down.
Can I take your word for it?
Can you swim?
You and I are good friends.
Who is on duty?
It's a delicate problem.
Let's shake hands and be friends.
Are there oak trees on the hill?
I attended the party just to be sociable.
Dan is good at making approaches to strangers.
You can't go naked in this hotel.
A rifle shot broke the peace of the early morning.
It seems as if you are the first one here.
There are several customers in the restaurant.
Tom tried climbing the tall tree.
How many people were present at the meeting?
Bob did not agree to the plan.
The temperature falls.
It turned out to be true.
The lion opened its huge mouth and roared.
We'd better make some time.
As a rule, Japanese people are not good at foreign languages.
Bob writes to me once a month.
It is outrageous that you should spend so much money.
I like going to the movies.
Mary didn't refer to the accident she had seen.
We were all drenched with perspiration.
Please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way.
In all probability, the money will not be paid.
I didn't expect you to get here so soon.
If you fail, you can always ask for his help.
If only it would stop raining!
My summer school dress is blue and white checkered.
I want to go and cheer.
You have good reason to be angry.
I feel that I am free.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
Many people were deceived by the advertisement.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
Tom hurt himself.
Look up the definition of 'guy' in your dictionary.
Could you please turn your television down?
His influence in the committee became weaker and weaker.
I will return to the house before dark.
Nobody has seen the bird fly.
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
A little more to the right, just like so!
It was childish of him to behave like that.
Drake earns his living by working for the lawyer.
It's a secret; don't give it away to anyone.
A huge tanker cast off just now.
It is interesting to make friends with a foreigner.
You'll make a fortune by taking a chance.
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
Bread has gone up ten yen in price.
What did you do with your summer vacation?
I want you to work harder.
The boomerang hurtled whistling through the air.
May I take a few days off to visit my family?
If I had been in time for the train, I would be there now.
The rugby ball is shaped something like an egg.
Lightning precedes thunder.
Tom is tall and likewise strong.
I was at a loss for an answer.
Are the hotel rooms supplied with hair dryers?
Having run the race, Jane had two glasses of barley tea.
You've got another four day's journey before you reach Moscow.
The Dodgers went on winning with irresistible force.
How are you doing?
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
Your situation is analogous to mine.
Tulips are our prefecture's official flower.
Matt is a powerful acquisition for our team.
If it rains tomorrow, let's stay home.
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
Lucy has as many friends as I do.
Why does that require an apology?
Exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain.
One eyewitness is better than ten earwitnesses.
It cannot be completely cured.
To our great annoyance, he barged in on our party.
Robert broke off in the middle of his phone call.
I don't intend to be selfish.
Mr. Brown made his son learn Chinese.
I will wait until you have finished your homework.
You are the last person I expected to see here.
I'll follow you, come hell or high water.
Open the window, please.
The future of English seems to be leading in three directions.
What kind of work will you do?
Cut, wash and dry, please.
Did you put in any salt?
I will show you how to solve it.
You are too old not to see the reason.
You are to blame.
An opinion is shocking only if it is a conviction.
You must share your jobs with others.
Our trading companies do business all over the world.
Don't interfere with Tom while he is reading.
Stick the bag down under the seat.
You should work very hard to make this program work.
First you have to build up your vocabulary.
It rests on your decision.
Bread and milk are good foods.
Liz has been dead for eight years.
Smoking has affected his health.
Brian gets his mother to do his homework.
Your help is vital to the success of our plan.
I don't need your help.
The sky looks threatening.
Good nutrition is vital for an infant's growth.
I'll do my homework after I watch television.
What size shoes do you wear?
I can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees.
We talked on the telephone.
Turn off the TV.
It occurs to me that I may have misunderstood you.
My pencil fell off the edge of my desk.
Finally they gave in to their enemy.
Nobody likes being spoken ill of behind their back.
The bureaucrats maintain solid ties with the gigantic corporations.
Once you begin, you must continue.
We have given careful thought to both alternatives.
How dare you say such a thing to her!
The meeting will commence.
That's the absolute truth.
Have you been to Kyoto?
Did you come here alone?
It is no use arguing with such a foolish man.
What's the matter? asked the little white rabbit.
The rain made it impossible for me to drive fast.
If my mother were still alive, she would have helped me.
The students' lunch period is from twelve to one.
I drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet.
They don't even know why.
You have only to read a few pages of this book.
Don't speak so fast, please.
I took your umbrella by mistake.
Stock investments do not always yield profit.
We must make the best of what we are.
Boxers need quick reflexes.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
Why don't we go home?
My school grades were average.
It cannot be helped.
Cows are more useful than any other animal in this country.
Pass me the salt, please. "Here you are."
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character?
You shouldn't smoke so much.
That can't be right. He's still on vacation in Hawaii.
The success of our business depends on the weather.
It's out of the question.
You may use my new car.
Would you mind my opening the door?
Tom is thinking about applying for a better-paying job.
Don't be deceived by appearances.
It seems to me that the train is late.
Please line up in a row.
You arrived at the moment I left.
Are you fond of music?
Gold is far heavier than water.
After dinner, I walk on the beach.
The meeting was last month.
It is going to rain very soon.
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.
Please help yourself to the fruit.
What is the good of doing it?
The yacht sailed around a buoy.
We're practically family.
We had to put off the meeting because of the storm.
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
We should deal with this matter without delay.
Isn't that theirs?
I'm still on duty.
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
A man overtook her.
Each room is equipped with large desks.
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
The conference was drawing to an end.
It would be better for you to stay in bed today.
Mr. Ito wants to see you.
Our soccer team beat all the other teams in the town.
The company is in financial difficulties.
My hotel told me to call you.
One can't help many, but many can help one.
Take the road on the right.
Feel for the pockets of your raincoat.
You're only foolin' round.
Half a loaf is better than none.
Anyway, I'm getting more experience.
Would that I were young again.
I want something to eat.
You'd better set off at once.
We will pay you according to the amount of work you do.
Put the meat in the frying pan after the oil has spread.
What a shame!
Is this your glass or your sister's?
Fish cannot live out of water.
Mr Rich acknowledged her favor.
The weather here is getting cold and I really do not like that.
Why didn't you look at the picture?
You have no choice in this matter.
What led you to this conclusion?
Do your best and don't worry.
We turned left at the corner and drove north.
It's painful to keep sitting for hours.
What method did you use to give up smoking?
The horses are coming down the track and it's neck and neck.
Written in easy English, this book is suitable for beginners.
Where are the eggs, please?
To know a language is one thing, and to teach it is another.
Let's face it, it's impossible. We're never gonna make it.
We have to put right what we have done wrong.
You need not have got up so early.
That you don't believe me is a great pity.
There was an air of excitement at the meeting.
Are you there?
We are comfortably established in our new home.
Tom lacks confidence in himself.
Why did you get so angry?
No man alive would believe it.
We agree to start at once.
Let's sit down on the bench.
Do you have a map of the city of Kyoto?
Your income is about twice as large as mine is.
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.
Your English is improving.
You look very dignified.
It has been raining heavily for three hours.
Nothing ever makes him angry.
The student hall is for benefit of the students.
English is spoken in Canada.
I can hardly hear you.
It's good to talk things over before you buy something.
I promise you every possible compensation.
The athletic meet took place on October 15.
Many drivers abandoned their cars in the snow.
It's getting dark little by little outside.
Please give me a little more chocolate.
Could I have a plastic bag for those?
The roof is shining in the sun.
The party is just beginning.
It's clear that our arguments don't coincide at all.
May I eat a little of it?
A revolution broke out in Mexico.
I lost my purse on my way to school.
I need some bread and milk.
You have three cars.
If only I could speak English as fluently as you!
Are you still in doubt about what I have said?
There may be some truth in your story.
Will you find my contact lens for me?
That's fairly reasonable.
All that glitters is not gold.
Can I buy you a drink?
Bill hates his father smoking heavily.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
Thanks to your help, I could understand the book quite well.
Bill was killed by that man.
It is hard to distinguish you from your brother.
You should have a doctor check you out.
Not knowing what to do, I called my mother for advice.
Where's Tony?
Pass on, please, and do not obstruct the way.
You can reach the park by either road.
Aren't you fond of playing tennis?
Mary crochets lace every night.
I want to travel with you.
I'll take over your duties while you are away from Japan.
Have you ever been to that village?
You like rain, don't you?
As was to be expected, he took the first place.
Look, someone is calling you.
The oven in my house didn't run well today.
What makes you so dissatisfied?
Water is dripping from the wet towel.
We have to draw a line somewhere.
I have lost my pencil.
I want a television set, but I can't afford to buy one.
Betty will be able to come before noon.
There is no hurry.
I am very grateful to you for your help.
It is very difficult for you to do this work.
Fred had his little brother paint the fence.
What subject are you poor at?
Let's take a break for a change.
The Maruyama river flows through Kinosaki.
I ran into an old friend of mine outside the station.
What fruit would you like to have for dessert?
Don't put it on my desk.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
You can't get lost in big cities; there are maps everywhere!
That may easily have been a mistake.
I hear music.
You'll have this composition written by noon tomorrow, won't you?
Your guess is entirely off the mark.
It is plain that you are to blame.
Would you mind closing the door?
I got a new hat at the department store.
To begin with, you have no right to be here.
We left a margin for error in our estimates.
Let's sing a patriotic air.
Does that price include breakfast?
It's about time you sent the children to bed.
The meeting ended on an optimistic note.
Who does Toshio like?
No other boy in the class is taller.
I didn't miss my watch till I got home.
Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now.
They visited us at the camp during summer vacation.
I'm not familiar with this part of the subject.
I'm about ready.
Where can I get hold of a good tax lawyer?
We'd better roll now.
Please extend this visa.
I marvel how you could agree to the proposal.
Hardly had the rain stopped when the ground began to freeze.
Would you care for something to drink?
Good lumber is hard to find these days.
Whatever is that noise?
Everyone cheered his name.
Bob is kind to those around him.
The game will be played even if it rains.
This meat stays good in cold weather.
The company is struggling for survival.
Mt. Unzen is such a nice place that many people visit there.
It would be something I'd have to program.
It's starting now.
The committee is made up of fifteen members.
You can't mistake it.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
I'd heard she was too far out for most people.
It looks as if you're right.
Dick died at ten years of age.
Climb to the top.
Pass me the salt and pepper, please.
Brian intends to strictly limit the money he uses.
The great critic and poet is lecturing on philosophy.
Go through fire and water.
Another half hour, and our master will be back here.
He's very shy. He says he wants to see you.
Mayuko could not answer my question.
It was simply an oversight.
How about going for a drive?
Everybody speaks very highly of Ando.
The professor is in Japan on sabbatical leave.
Nobody compares with her in French.
Why were you absent yesterday?
That's beside the point.
Soon we saw a house whose roof was red.
She knew a lot of songs, too.
You are idle to the bone.
The thermometer reads 10C.
I'm thinking of visiting you one of these days.
If we had wings, could we fly to the moon?
I have a lot of activities which take up my time.
He's a pushover.
Would you like to go see a movie with me?
It's free of charge.
How did you hit upon such an idea?
There are seven days in a week.
May I use the toilet?
Can you tell me where the nearest hotel service phone is?
Can somebody get that?
Why has Japan let pollution get so bad?
Bob hit me, not her.
I've never heard of such a thing.
We all have missed you.
We supply parts to the auto manufacturer.
I'm going to go to the movies.
I haven't finished my homework yet.
Let's be done with the argument.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
I think I'm gonna sneeze. Give me a tissue.
It makes no difference to me that Max has come.
The strain has begun to tell on his health.
Without your help, we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan.
We needed a taxi to take us to the station.
Don't you know cheese is made from milk?
Any doctor will tell you to quit smoking.
If you can, come with us.
I'm tired now.
Eat more fresh vegetables.
I don't speak Japanese.
I found the button loose.
It's getting there.
There is not a ray of truth in it.
Someone is battering at the door.
He is no match for me in tennis.
Whatever you said to him made him feel better.
Everybody puts me down.
Have you got any baggage?
All you have to do is sign your name here.
Science has not solved all the problems of life.
You can't say four-letter words on TV.
In the first place it's necessary for you to get up early.
We must adapt our plan to these new circumstances.
Reagan became President of the United States in 1981.
We use gestures as well as words to communicate with others.
There was not a long queue at the bus stop.
How long will you be gone?
I met Roy, who asked me to give you this one.
Tom arrived last.
Where is the sanitary section?
Fix a date for the meeting.
Can I have a word with you?
You must dry your clothes in any case.
What about a glass of beer?
This girl changed her look.
Our team were wearing red shirts.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
We cannot but wonder at his skill in skiing.
There is an apple on the table.
When she heard that, she turned pale.
At last, he went to America.
Please write to me from time to time.
Are you still around?
School reopens in September.
The days are getting longer and longer.
I will give you five days' grace.
Your plan is bound to fail.
Let's take time out to elaborate a strategy.
We had to learn to read the word.
How long ago was that?
Take off your socks, please.
You ran a red light.
Musical talent usually blooms at an early age.
The race was a photo finish.
Tom asked his father if he could go to the cinema.
Try and do it.
This is the last straw!
I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
He managed to run the machine.
London is one of the largest cities in the world.
It is not difficult to speak English.
You bet I was surprised.
Sorry I'm late for the meeting.
Hitler is one of the most notorious dictators.
It is true he is rich, but he is a miser.
I would also like to rent a car.
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.
It was not so simple to write a letter in English.
Your behavior is too extraordinary.
You'd better send for a doctor.
Ben learned to make a fire without matches.
I can't take it anymore! I haven't slept for three days!
Smoking is strictly prohibited.
Mary beamed her happiness.
I haven't a very good dictionary.
The best way to know a foreign country is to go there yourself.
If he can do that, I will eat my hat.
Since you have a cold, you must not go out.
I can't afford $40 for one book!
Less noise, please.
We thought we would write out the directions, in case you got lost.
You should keep company with such men as can benefit you.
You can put five of them across the head of a match.
I will see that such a thing does not come to pass again.
I wanted to do some telephoning.
At first he did not realize that he had won the speech contest.
That is surprising.
Can you put on a kimono by yourself?
Go to the hospital.
The leisure industry is sinking more money into new resorts.
We have achieved all our aims.
Our efforts did not result in success.
We expect that he'll help us.
You'll never know unless you try.
Please open the door.
It's so painful. Stop it!
Will you please wipe the dust off the table?
The professor's speech was full of humor.
To my surprise, she could not answer the question.
It took Rei 20 days to get over her injury.
You are now an adult.
He haunts the lowest resorts.
Five gallons of regular, please.
If it were not for plants, we wouldn't be able to live.
London was a city built for the horse.
If I were you, I'd be able to succeed.
His house was in sight from the top of the hill.
The audience reacted in different ways to her performance.
Mrs. Parker greeted him with a smile.
It will not be long before he turns up.
It so happens that today is my birthday.
Your decision is open to some debate.
I will not go to the trouble of taking him there.
Education helps to mold character.
The sound became fainter and fainter, until at last it disappeared.
I heard it from you.
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
What's the capital city of Finland?
By the way, what is the matter with him?
Mary goes to that restaurant for lunch every other day.
Show me what you bought.
I'll make you a new suit.
I am looking forward to seeing you.
The shoelace came untied.
That's a class act.
I really wasn't expecting that from you.
Please give me something to drink.
Please have a second helping.
Malaysia came into existence in 1957.
Above all, scientific terms call for precise definitions.
You deserve the prize.
It is about time we were leaving.
The meeting has been put off until next week.
The bus leaves the stop pretty soon.
We were all ears.
It is no more than a mile to the station.
If anybody comes, tell him that I am out.
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.
It'll be quicker to walk than to take a taxi.
The rumor turned out false.
It's nice to drive on a smooth road.
A fire broke out in the neighborhood yesterday.
Our school has adopted a new teaching method.
I don't know why you don't like him.
Lack of exercise may harm your health.
Murder will out.
What time are you the happiest?
Mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease.
There is little milk left in the bottle.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself at the Van Dorgen Exhibition.
Pass me the wine, please.
If only you had told me the whole story at that time!
The cold winter will soon be over.
How is it going in the fish market?
The line is busy now.
How often a week do you take a bath?
About how many days will it take to get there?
I don't like you anymore.
I sometimes have abnormal vaginal bleeding.
The movie was so dull that the audience left one by one.
I just can't memorize students' names.
It was the window that Tom broke yesterday.
I'm sorry, I have another engagement.
It is because it can't hope for a success if it isn't healthy.
I've been invited on a trip abroad, but I don't want to go.
The bandits demanded all money in the register.
There was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday.
You can go if you want to.
Each robot is equipped with a talking machine.
What made her so sad?
How long have you waited?
Tom denied having stolen the money.
Summer is gone.
We're all waiting because there's no news about the test results yet.
New York is the busiest city in the world.
Beware! There's a car coming!
That's quite a problem.
We began on a new project.
Fish are cold-blooded animals.
It is no joke.
It's a pity that you should leave Japan.
The thief got away with the money.
If it were not for sports, how dull school life would be!
Holmes is a great pipe man as well as a great detective.
Mike is captain of our team.
Your ideas are ahead of the times.
What do you say to a beer?
He was in open-mouthed amazement.
Tom is going to apply for a job with a computer company.
The meeting ended at noon.
Why can't you come?
What will become of our offspring if a nuclear war breaks out?
I want to go there once more.
It is more than I can stand.
That's a brilliant idea.
A lot of children gathered in the garden.
It will not be long before spring comes.
Kings have long arms.
Hope is not a strategy.
What a beautiful town!
I want something to read.
You have another chance even if you fail this time.
Let's take advantage of the vacation to mow the lawn.
You may as well say so.
The athletic meeting was put off.
I beg to differ, as I disagree with your analysis of the situation.
At last I accepted his proposal against my will.
I got soaked to the skin.
Maybe the impulse was working upon her subconscious.
Stand up and read the book, Tom.
Tom applied for the job.
If it is true, it follows that Nakagawa is guilty.
Why don't you mend that fuse?
We demanded that he explain to us why he was late.
Napoleon was exiled to St. Helena.
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
Tom has a bright career as a medical doctor.
Yokohama is a city where more than three million people live.
Her garden is a work of art.
What on earth is the problem?
Talking of Mr White, where is he living now?
To investigate the incident would take us at least three weeks.
A casual remark can hurt someone.
You had better hurry. The train leaves at three.
Nancy wants a pair of red shoes.
I could see the rippling waves on my right.
Hang your coat on the hook.
Would you like some more salad?
He was at the meeting, to be sure, but he was asleep.
Mary is at a loss what to say to him.
When will you be back? "It all depends on the weather."
They are all irritable.
I'm planning to stay at the hotel.
It's on its last legs.
Which present shall I take to the party?
What's the idea of throwing that stone?
Either you or your friend is wrong.
I don't see any point in going if the party is almost over.
The robber aimed his gun at the police officer.
My house was on fire.
You have a bright future.
Another problem is where to stop the car.
Don't keep company with such a selfish man.
You must feed the machine.
Wherever you go, you will find the same thing.
I will help you if possible.
We enjoyed ourselves to the fullest.
I was also not a bad mother.
Please forget this, for the love of God.
You look very pale.
A cloud floated across the sky.
The nurse took his temperature.
But it's very strong actually.
As yet he has not succeeded.
The gross national product of our country is the second largest.
Some people pursue only pleasure.
As far as I'm concerned, I will not approve of the plan.
I can't think of life without you.
There are scarcely any flowers in our garden.
We are all in agreement.
They learn to do without being taught.
I'm glad you could come to the party.
Our teacher is a gentleman in the true sense of the word.
You should get your car fixed.
What do you say to having a coffee break?
I don't give a damn about it!
You know something?
I don't know what to make of your actions.
When you're enjoying yourself, the time seems to fly by.
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
Please add up the bill.
You can just call me Taro.
I used to play tennis when I was a student.
To my dismay, my wallet was gone.
I hope you can come up with a better plan than this.
Tom did it simply for the money.
We ought to be ready for whatever comes.
Your behavior is quite out of place.
The station is near here. You'll be in time for the train.
Why don't you dine out with me for a change?
That requires the sanction of the government.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
Adversity is the best school.
I think we had better wait for another 30 minutes.
You need to eat more fiber.
The girl who I thought was a singer proved to be a different person.
The meeting is to be held next week.
You need not to have called me up so late at night.
You should go about your business.
It is easy to swim.
The logs flamed brightly.
She's lost a lot of weight since she went on a diet.
It only takes a few minutes.
May I turn on the TV?
We have already finished our dinner.
We soon believe what we desire.
We will let you know the time and date of the meeting soon.
Mexico has half as many people as Japan.
The nurses attend to the patient day and night.
I like such sports as boxing and hockey.
Most people think so.
There is a lot of money.
You talk as if you were the boss.
We are having a good time.
Whoever comes, don't open the door.
He looks young. He cannot be older than I.
There is a knife missing.
I hear that Bob and Lucy have broken up.
Do people behave differently when they go abroad?
What do you call this bird in English?
Activity keeps the mind from rusting.
Tom was late for class, as is often the case.
It's high time you had a haircut.
There were a fair number of people in the hall.
What is happening?
Mike is one of our brains.
How many books do you have?
There is a piece of good news for you.
It's already seven.
I prefer tea to coffee.
Either you or I have to go there.
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.
The bus takes fifty people.
What do you mean, why don't I ever say it?
It's absurd never to admit your mistakes.
Please read it aloud so that everyone can hear.
There's no doubt.
Explain it once more, Jerry.
The rocket ought to have reached the moon by now.
We must guard against mistakes in spelling.
The door bell has rung.
I'm getting tired. It's your turn to drive.
Ben decided to tell the lawyer everything he knew.
I took shelter under my friend's umbrella.
I felt a thrill of joy at the thought of seeing her soon.
You look pale. You'd better take a day off.
My house needs major repairs.
Dare you ask him about it?
You should start as early as possible.
We chopped our way through the jungle.
It's too sunny to stay inside.
Mike speaks good Japanese.
The tundra has a harsh climate.
Cross off the names of the people who have paid their dues.
I'm done up.
I was here about a year ago.
At last Souichiro and Yukino decided to cut the orange into halves.
Make more efforts.
If anything goes wrong, I'll answer for the consequences.
Nancy went to London as well as Paris.
I'm afraid the bank is going to repossess my house.
I had a bad headache. That's why I went to bed early.
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.
Could I have money for my piano lesson?
Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me.
I invited them to the party.
You must cultivate your mind.
You are expected to come by 5:00.
The committee has not yet arrived at a decision.
This is what I would have said.
I cannot understand it for the life of me.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
She attracted me at first sight.
Music has a charm that soothes even the savage's breast.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
He is proficient in English.
Famine stared us in the face.
Something stinks here.
You are not to speak to the man at the wheel.
Why did the lawyer lose the argument?
We will play Minami High School tomorrow.
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.
Let me handle this.
However tired you may be, you must finish that work today.
You ought to be on time if you start now.
Bill is completely unlike his brother.
Seeing that it is late, we should go home.
I will have been to the States three times if I go there again.
Will you show me how to set up a cot?
The bank came through with the loan we had requested.
We will take a rest soon.
Get up!
How many children do you have?
She did not eat anything until she was rescued.
The pianist played a trick on the audience.
If I had money, I could buy it.
The summer had gone before I knew it.
It is time for you to go to bed.
How did you learn to play the violin?
I can't get over how different the weather is here.
A heavy snowstorm kept us from going out.
This is Brian Rock.
You'd better not swim if you've just eaten.
To make money is not the purpose of life.
Let's get discount tickets.
Don't bother to pick me up at the hotel.
It is great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
The film lasted 2 hours.
Can I borrow something to write with?
Give credit where credit is due.
It was snowing when I reached the station.
They brought her round with brandy.
I haven't touched a tennis racket in years.
You shouldn't have gone to such a dangerous place.
It's an ill wind that blows no good.
Mr Wang is from China.
He gave Tom an important position.
Mike is always nagging his father to buy him a car.
You have only a short rest, so make the best of it.
Bill was single until he tied the knot last week.
Just keep on walking.
Don't blame it on her.
We all miss you very much.
I've really got to buckle down and study for our final exams.
France is to the south of England.
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
Stay calm whatever happens.
It is the oldest wooden building in existence.
Something strange caught my eye.
In order to lose weight, it is best to take up some sport.
Do you have a student fare?
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.
How many cigarettes am I allowed to take back duty free?
I have caught a bad cold.
It smells as though someone has been smoking in here.
What about watching the night game on TV?
It is foolish of you to believe such a thing.
A ragged coat may cover an honest man.
Trying to do such a thing is a waste of time.
Life lies in front of you.
Where can I cash this personal check?
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?
Our team lost all its games.
I was made out to be a liar.
I'd been cheated out of my life savings!
I may go out if the rain lets up.
No man is a hero to his valet.
Brian took some roses.
How often is it necessary to feed your pet?
We decorated the Christmas tree with lights.
May I go home now?
Somehow it's been a rough day.
It is important for us to choose good friends.
Look out! There's a car coming.
We should look after our parents.
Say it to his face, not behind his back.
The prospect of famine hangs over many areas of the world.
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.
You needn't have taken a taxi.
First of all, he went to the station.
You found me where no one else was looking.
I just don't feel satisfied.
Your opinion is far different from mine.
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
Tomoko almost started to cry.
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.
Within the rape crisis movement, Greensite's dissent is significant.
He had a tuberculin test.
Turn the knob and open the door.
I didn't catch the meaning.
It is like letting a tiger run loose.
I left your umbrella in the bus.
You should make notes.
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast. You're making the baby sick!
I am finally quits with the man.
I have had it.
Where can I get on the airplane?
Tony speaks English well.
He fills the bill.
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
You can do better on your tests.
If you want to make your dreams come true, keep on trying.
My teeth chattered with cold.
I would like to join the summer camp.
The seats were reserved for the party.
Please don't mind me.
I'll do everything you tell me to do.
They are all of a size.
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.
The watch on the compact disc is mine.
Tom acknowledges that he was defeated.
The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure.
It's heartbreaking.
The building on the right side is a school.
Hanako seems quiet, but she gets things done when it's necessary.
We are inclined to stand up for him.
It's better than it was before.
I really enjoyed myself at the party.
I saw a town in the distance.
That was quite an effort for a child.
Where is the bus stop for downtown?
It is necessary for you to go and encourage the girl.
Stock prices plunged to a record low.
I'd like two kilos of apples.
If I had wings to fly, I would have gone to save her.
That is a custom proper to Japan.
Which of the TV programs do you like best?
I ran as fast as I could.
Lend me something with which to cut this.
Take this umbrella with you lest you should get wet and catch cold.
You will be disliked by girls if you play practical jokes on them.
All at once the lights went out.
Cut it in half.
I cannot put up with his bad manners any longer.
I'd like a Bloody Mary.
Here is your change.
Only 40 percent of students go on to university.
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.
She is rich, to be sure, but I don't think she's very smart.
Scientists say many factors bring about changes in weather.
You like balls.
At last, the bus stopped.
There is a napkin missing.
I pronounce this a perfect dinner.
Keep the change!
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
You may take any picture you like.
The youth of our country is apathetic about politics.
When the Venus de Milo was entire, there were arms on the statue.
Was Nazism peculiar to Germany?
A family is the smallest unit of society.
It's very hot, isn't it?
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
He was still alive when the rescue party arrived.
Betty has a sweet voice.
It needs to be repaired.
We must feel our way carefully in the dark.
I didn't see either boy.
In general, young people today are not interested in politics.
Tom is a student.
You can meet Dr. White only by appointment.
There used to be a castle on this hill.
In this town, if anywhere, you will find old Japan at her best.
Probably he will come soon.
I can't recall the exact words.
Fred grew up to be a surgeon.
Do you play a musical instrument?
It happened completely by accident.
Cats were domesticated by the Egyptians.
Your sister's as beautiful as ever.
He told us to come on time.
Do you have a match?
It will not be long before the winter vacation ends.
A promise made is a debt unpaid.
Nothing will make up for his past mistakes.
You are, so to speak, a fish out of water.
The houses looked like so many matchboxes.
Another lot of tourists arrived.
How was your vacation?
The boarders are now away on vacation.
The rain just stopped, so let's leave.
See, you shouldn't work so hard.
We climbed Mt. Fuji last summer.
We got an early start.
It is impossible for you to jump two meters high.
While you are about it, please make some coffee for me.
I'll be damned if it's true.
I like my brandy straight.
Work hard, and you will pass the examination.
Send my greetings to your wife.
Your watch seems to be very valuable.
The balloon floated off into the west.
She's asking for the impossible.
Where can I pick up my baggage?
Where does your uncle live?
Your time is up.
What a fool I was to do such a thing!
So, the assistant returned $1 to each man.
We will take off in a few minutes.
The chessboard is the world.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Time will pass quite quickly when you read something.
The chair hasn't arrived yet.
If I had known her address, I could have visited her.
Beth described what she had seen in detail.
Let's take a bus.
We began to see what we can deduce from it.
You get rusty if you haven't spoken English for a long time.
She screamed with horror as someone took hold of her arm.
This hall was full of people.
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
I'll stand by you whatever happens.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.
Have you finished your homework?
I guess I'll have to leave now.
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
All you have to do is write it down.
Waiting for a bus, I met my friend.
It was used for raking together heaps of money.
Why do I have to do that?
If she visits France again, she will have been there three times.
Let me put down your new phone number in my notebook.
Have you read today's paper yet?
I will not let the story go out.
How is it going?
Everyone hoped that she would win.
Why not go to the movies?
Don't be so angry.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
A chimney carries smoke from a fireplace to the outside.
The nurses were run off their feet every day.
Our team won the game.
If she had trusted you, she wouldn't have done so.
The party returned safe and sound.
If it rains, take the washing in.
Who acts Hamlet?
The journalist was too upset to distinguish vice from virtue.
He contends that primitive life once existed on Mars.
If anything, my father seems happier than before.
The top engineer put the car through a series of rigorous tests.
Stop grumbling.
Why are you so tired today?
Poverty is a stranger to industry.
Brian left the door open.
Dr. Patterson: She made the sign for cat.
All of you did good work.
I don't like to cook when it's hot outside.
The committee will meet next Friday.
It occurred to me that I should not keep it secret.
Mary looks like her mother.
Do you eat out often?
Many of the dogs are alive.
It is necessary that Nancy attend the meeting.
We left the door open.
Having much to do, I felt depressed.
Who is that gentleman in spectacles?
Mr White is doing very well so far.
I hope your business trip to France was successful.
Nothing can ever stagger her belief.
The school's closure was due to the snow.
I would like your picture.
We had to start our business from zero.
Nobody was paying attention to her.
Tennis is very popular among students.
I've been wandering around.
There is a statue of Nelson in Trafalgar Square.
The chicken laid an egg this morning.
I've changed my website's layout.
It's all over between us.
Mary had every reason to be satisfied.
Nobody likes to be made fun of in public.
It's a long way to Boston.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
We must think about these plans in terms of what they would cost.
I'm just going to run down to buy some tickets.
Your attendance at classes was irregular.
Everybody sang at the top of their lungs.
Please shuffle the cards carefully.
There is an advertising balloon flying above the department store.
Tourism is important to the economy of my country.
Here comes the bus!
A cubic meter corresponds to 1000 liters.
Where did you get to know her?
We saw a dim light in the distance.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
Hurry, and you will catch the train.
Look carefully. I'm going to show you how it's done.
Kyoto is worth visiting once.
We build and maintain relationships with others.
What's the arrival time in Los Angeles?
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
What a beautiful sunrise it is!
I wish I could think of something to say.
I don't like being made a fool of.
Let me give you a bit of advice.
Tom gave me a pen.
If I had noticed her, I would have got her autograph.
I saw some very beautiful scenes.
Which is mine?
Scarcely had the market opened when the fire broke out.
Let's just waste some time around here.
I have to take some money out of the bank.
The candy I had in my bag went mushy in the heat.
There used to be a small shrine around here.
I'm a vegetarian, so I'd rather not have meat, if that's okay.
Drive more slowly, or you'll get a ticket.
Put it back where it was.
They are the extreme cases.
Would you like bacon or sausage?
Which newspaper do you work for?
It looks like an egg.
Sorry, I don't think I'm gonna be able to.
It has a pleasant odor.
Science has made remarkable progress.
It's a trifling incident.
Mary is lacking in delicacy.
The question is whether Mike knew the fact or not.
Which dictionary do you often use?
He is just pulling your leg.
Are you still collecting stamps?
Take this seat, please.
Let me say.
We cannot help admiring his talent.
Under no circumstances can we accept checks.
You can put your talents to good use if you become a designer.
I don't like such sports as tennis and golf.
Your watch is more expensive than mine.
Swimming is fun for me.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
Each and every boy has gone to see the game.
Fanned by a strong wind, the fire spread in an instant.
You won't find a better job in a hurry.
I sold off all my records.
What a cute baby! May I hold her?
What do you mean you don't know?!
When it comes to playing chess, he is second to none.
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?
If I don't come back, the venture will probably be unsuccessful.
It's getting dark. You'd better go home.
Are they all the same?
No matter what happens, I won't be surprised.
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
Would you please have a look at this document?
I might have left it on the table.
We talked in sign language.
My bicycle has a flat tire.
I'd like to go with you, but as it is I can't.
I prefer staying home to going fishing.
We will make the payment by bank transfer.
I spent twelve hours on the train.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
I play center in football and basketball.
If he had told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an operation.
It seems very difficult for me.
Would you like some more?
We found a secret door into the building.
The bus was about to start.
Just as Japanese boys play baseball, so English boys play cricket.
I feel profound sympathy for the victims.
The rain necessitated a postponement of the picnic.
You must put some life into your work.
What did you have to eat?
How can I get to the police station?
It would break if you dropped it.
I work even on Sunday.
Two beers, please.
You need not take off your shoes.
Boys, don't make any noise.
Little money, few friends.
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?
I cannot bear the pain any more.
That was a fearful scene.
I would rather not go.
Dry wood burns quickly.
It is necessary that the halls be well cleaned.
I'd like to check out.
Do you mean that you have already decided on this plan?
Haven't you decided yet?
There's no need for us to argue about this.
Feathers are peculiar to birds.
It happened by accident.
In summer, eggs go bad quickly.
Why are your ears so big?
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
We had a good opinion of your son.
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.
The candle flickered a few times and then went out.
I go to bed very early.
The rain didn't stop them from doing their job.
Does school start at eight-thirty?
You must be above such mean conduct.
We own a few hundred acres between the three of us.
If you ask him again, he may change his mind.
Where are you from in Canada?
Cut the cake with a knife.
We obeyed the rules.
Everybody loves music.
We should determine what is to be done first.
How are you, Mike?
Cut out the nonsense, will you?
The hierarchy of rank has long been fixed.
It is important that we should do our duty.
It looks like they are at it again.
If it rains tomorrow, the baseball game will be put off.
It's a nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
If I were rich, I would do so. As it is, I can do nothing.
Where are you staying?
The doctor's quick arrival brought about her very speedy recovery.
Wishing you peace and happiness at Christmas.
Mayuko is dancing to the music.
All our efforts were without result.
You should work hard.
For all his wealth, he is unhappy.
It was just a joke.
We need some formal instruction in literature.
What did you give Mike on his birthday?
You talk as if you knew everything.
A foolish impulse made me say what I should have left unsaid.
Our army attacked the kingdom.
Are you in favor of the workers getting more money?
I am married and have two children.
Strong winds accompanied the rain.
Look out!
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
I need to know your answer by Friday.
Why don't you ask Mr White?
I feel cold.
It came out in yesterday's Sankei.
He looked as if he knew all about it.
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.
Mr Brown is a doctor.
Keep away from that.
May I ask which you prefer?
The medical supplies were allocated to the victims of the disaster.
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.
The steamer is now out of sight.
We must achieve our aim at any price.
The pilot described the scene in detail.
It is a very difficult job for us.
The death toll from the hurricane climbed to 200.
I plan to play a flute solo.
The doctor told me to give up smoking.
Does Nancy have to do her homework now?
Speak louder, please.
Lucy came to see me three days ago.
Can you recommend a place to stay in London?
If I thought I could get away with it, I wouldn't pay tax at all.
Broken glass lay scattered all over the road.
There were four chairs by the table.
I'd like to call my family.
Bob usually goes to bed at ten.
After a brief peace, war broke out again.
If your child drinks poison, rush him to the hospital.
You'll find domestic articles on the third floor.
Let's send for the doctor.
That is the principle problem next to education.
I play volleyball a lot.
Please tell me the way to the XYZ store.
It was cold, and in addition, it was windy.
I felt as if I were dreaming.
When Mary saw him, a look of surprise spread across her face.
Nothing happened.
It is lonely to live alone.
You will fail unless you work harder.
We associate Darwin with the theory of evolution.
Hello. This is Ogawa speaking.
This is anything but easy.
We actually saw the accident.
Have you eaten your lunch yet?
I was busy studying for the term exam.
Even the merest little thing irritated him.
Attached is the tentative agenda.
Do you offer any all-day tours?
When I was on the point of leaving London, it began to snow.
Our public leaders are imaginative and often come up with new ideas.
You can speak English well, can you not?
Please feel free to ask me any question.
This paint comes off easily.
Where is Paris?
There are so many questions: Do I like myself?
Why didn't you tell it to me in advance?
I'm afraid we're going to be late for school.
The scuttlebutt is they're going to Australia.
Can I buy tickets on the day of the tour?
I'm very happy to hear about the party.
If you didn't know me that way then you simply didn't know me.
What papers do you take?
Look it up in the dictionary.
How's the world treating you?
What number should I call in case of an emergency?
I seem to have a temperature.
It's fruit fresh from the tree.
But it was like trying to stop the rain from falling.
Not a drop of rain fell for a month, so they had to dig a well.
I'm quite agreeable to doing my duty.
I met Meg, who told me the news.
I have some good news for you.
Their stay in Germany for a year was very fruitful.
It was such a nice day.
It's as lovely as a rose.
You can't expect me to always think of everything!
The other grasped his arm.
Nothing is so tasty as the dish you make.
The thermometer stands at 70.
We shared the profit among us all.
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
The Normans conquered England in 1066.
Walk fast so as to be in time.
It is on the left side of the street.
In cold weather we must be sure to keep our bodies warm.
I'm feeling fine now.
It being awfully cold, the party were almost frozen to death.
I barely missed being struck.
What's the round-trip fare?
The doctor spoke to the effect that my father would soon get better.
A hole in one is moving on the whole.
Why have you bought the same camera as I have?
She was fat, and holding a monkey.
We examined the following magazines to collect the data.
Since Mac wants to buy a new Mustang, he is saving money.
Otherwise we will have to cancel this order.
You can't speak French, can you?
Don't be such a hothead. A short temper will cost you.
No matter what you say, he still won't do it.
When was it finished?
There are some flies on the wall.
The doctor reassured me about my father's condition.
Could you tell me where I could go to get a square meal?
You will have little trouble.
If the vase is not found, John may be accused of stealing it.
We all had such a good time.
Any bed is better than no bed.
It's a cinch to learn to swim.
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.
The professor ordered some new books from New York.
It is a pity that you can't join us.
If he could not answer the riddle, he would be eaten.
I must make up for lost time by driving fast.
Now that I notice it, I have nowhere to run.
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?
It is cruel of him to ill-treat pets.
Do you offer a volume discount? If so, please send details.
One of your buttons has come off.
Please address the chair!
There was little water in the well.
He is proud of his scholarship.
Quick, run after him.
Boil the milk bottles.
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.
I saved on travelling expenses by staying at a cheap hotel.
The station is 100 meters away.
Granted that you are right, we still have to persuade him first.
I hope I can hold on to my job.
The smell of roses hung in the air.
What time do you get up?
Pass me the salt, will you?
Why did you get so angry at his mistake?
The sky is full of stars.
Why did her father go to Japan?
He died, so we might live.
I want Mr Brown paged.
If you drive your car like that, you'll end up in hospital.
How can I reach you?
I am not concerned with this matter.
The door was locked, so I couldn't get into the room anyway.
It is characteristic of him to do such a thing.
I want some milk, but there isn't any in the refrigerator.
The line is busy again.
Why do you work here?
The nurse took his temperature with a thermometer.
I want a person who can speak French.
You must perform all assignments in a timely manner.
Don't you have a sense of justice?
It may be said, as a rule, that the climate of Japan is mild.
Oh, my white pants! And they were new.
Driving along the coast is wonderful.
So quick!
We must be alert to dangers.
I would like you to think about what you would have done in my place.
The stock market is severely depressed.
The milk went sour.
The tanker has only a small crew on board.
Betty is a pretty girl, isn't she?
Rome abounds with relics.
What a beautiful view!
At this rate, we're not likely to be done before the end of the week.
I'm a hero.
I had a quarrel with him over money.
You ought to read English aloud.
Please show me your detailed plan.
How cold it is!
A terrible fate awaited him.
Need Tom stay home today?
Our friendship did not last.
Which is your book?
It's a ten minutes walk to the bus stop.
In basketball, tall players have an advantage.
The orchestra struck up nostalgic music.
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.
Show me the way to the bus stop.
Betty never said a word.
The house with the red roof belongs to my uncle.
The river which flows through Paris is the Seine.
It sounds as if genius compensates for lack of experience.
If I had bought the painting then, I would be rich now.
We have to do away with such a bad custom.
On your marks, get set, go!
Our team lost the first game.
I'm glad to see you back.
We climbed along the stream in the mountains.
Wash your face.
London developed into the general market of Europe.
The flowers are already out of bloom.
Keep on the watch for anything to come.
I was utterly soaked by the downpour.
We will probably arrive at Tokyo station at noon.
Look up to the skies.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
Why did you turn down his offer?
We voted for the candidate.
Tom bats cleanup on our team.
Fold the napkins and put one by each plate.
I want something sweet.
I never liked biology.
My stomach feels heavy.
This was third school shooting incident in six months.
I am no match for you at tennis.
Everybody burst into laughter.
Kumi did not talk about her club.
It is true; she is a rare beauty.
Who is looking up into the sky?
What was it that caused you to change your mind?
Our showroom made a hit with young ladies.
Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car.
So, it isn't hot at all.
Don't get excited about such a thing.
Englishmen are, on the whole, conservative.
Which dog is yours?
You look very delighted.
We left by train.
It appeared to be a true story.
It was careless of her to leave her umbrella in the bus.
To make mistakes is not always wrong.
I think I try to do too much at a time.
That is a criminal offense, and you will surely be punished!
The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
You must do it even if you don't want to.
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive.
The extension of summer vacation delighted the children.
Tom should be here any minute.
The accident took place on the highway.
We discussed what to do.
Grapes are made into wine.
I fell down the stairs and hit my back very hard.
I like summer holidays better than school.
But now, nothing is left for me.
Those cowards ran away soon.
Tom wants to be a pilot.
What do you say to dining out together?
Don't thrust your knife into the cheese.
I'm feeling low.
This isn't fair.
Tony speaks English better than I do.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
As is often the case, the boy ran away from home.
Your glasses fell on the floor.
The meeting is scheduled for 10 a.m.
Shall we take a taxi?
Everyone attacked my opinion.
There go the twelve bars blues.
The boat shipped water and nearly capsized.
Since we can't find a better one, let's make the best of what we have.
I want to be quiet after a day's hard work.
I prefer the former plan to the latter.
We furnished the refugees with blankets.
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
It's up to you to do it.
Somehow I have taken a fancy to that girl.
Your philosophy of life varies from mine.
There is no person to do it.
I need medical help.
I'd like some shoes.
I will come provided I am well enough.
Whoever studies hard cannot help but succeed.
A sudden loud noise broke in on my meditation.
Which is your luggage?
All you have to do is to work harder.
On what kind of bread?
New York weather is hot and humid in the summer.
Tell me why you want to go there.
What did you buy it for?
As had been expected, the weather turned out to be very fine.
It is careless of me to take the wrong bus.
I wish I had a better memory.
Your house needs repairing.
There is a flower on the table.
There were no tickets available for Friday's performance.
Hurry up, or you won't catch up with him.
I have little money.
Bring it back to me.
I want to see you again.
The reason I'm here is because I was asked to come.
It was ordered that the classroom be put in order.
Hurry up! The concert is starting.
What grade is your sister in?
Please pass the note around.
It is a fact that smoking is a danger to health.
It was shortened with advantage.
They say we're going to get some showers.
Education is one of the most essential aspects of life.
You look smart in the shirt.
We don't have any more bread.
The posters were immediately removed from the wall.
I can't live any longer without him.
We should keep our promise.
I take it from your silence that you are not satisfied with my answer.
Whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light.
Go straight on.
Stop it! I'm a Giants fan.
You have the advantage of a good education.
And yet, in the "real adult world" there are a lot of competitions.
They are our cars.
It's none of your business.
Bill is 20 minutes late. He must have gotten lost somewhere.
She wiped her wet hair with a towel.
The bus went past the bus stop.
No one could get the better of him in an argument.
Yesterday I ran into Yamada, whom I hadn't seen in years.
Thank you for your kind assistance while I was in New York.
You needn't go too early, need you?
There is no sugar in the bowl.
We heard shots in the distance.
I got sucked in on a lot of phony deals.
Go to your respective seats.
How should I know?
I mean to go tomorrow if the weather is fine.
Not knowing what to do, I did nothing.
Go downstairs and have a wash.
So you've got to be a believer.
If you eat any cake, I'll whip you.
Take whichever you like.
I don't have enough RAM.
I think I'll look around a little more.
You'd better stay at home rather than go out on such a day.
May you all be happy.
Don't attempt two projects at a time.
Is it hot enough to go swimming?
We arrived here in the evening.
If you drive carelessly, you will miss your turn.
The school drains the pool once a month.
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.
Hold on to the strap. The train will start to move soon.
When I was a child, I would spend hours reading alone in my room.
Freud originated psychoanalysis.
Mike and Tom are in the same class.
You should watch television at a distance.
Which doctor is attending you?
We are looking forward to seeing you again.
I have a sore throat because of too much smoking.
Why do American parents praise their children?
Every seat was full.
Playing cards is not in itself harmful.
There must be something wrong with the engine.
Come what may, I will not break my word.
They are waiting for you in front of the door.
Since I got a raise, I can manage.
We should obey the law no matter what happens.
Hurry up, or you will be late for the last train.
Who am I talking with?
Nobody knows why he left the town.
The game was exciting last night.
Before long she will come back to the stage.
What on earth is the matter?
You must study hard and learn many things.
Would you like a cup of milk?
The competition has become fierce.
How can I make a long-distance call?
Where is the problem?
Call me at the office.
I love biking and hard rock concerts.
I tried again for no reason.
Tell me about your program for the future.
I didn't think you were going to make it.
I'm afraid you're mistaken.
Abide with me.
Mary said she would do her homework.
How did you obtain these old postage stamps?
That's impossible.
Football is my favorite game.
You neglected to tell me to buy bread.
I can hear the soft breathing.
It rained hard all day.
Oh, I don't know if I agree with you.
I hope you'll never turn Communist.
Please tell me where the bus stop is.
We are always aiming at improving the quality of service.
Would you like to leave a message?
My TV has broken down.
The burglar shut the child in the closet.
You should put on a raincoat because it's cold outside.
We headed for the mountain cottage.
To begin with, you must be honest.
I want to get cigarettes.
I can't take it any more.
Let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy.
Do you happen to know of a cheap hotel near here?
At long last, you will get married in June.
I don't like either watch.
I like to bake bread and give a loaf to my friend Mie.
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans.
Prices range from as low as $30 to as high as $50.
Not all children like apples.
What divine weather!
You must live in the present, not in the past.
The robbers made away with all the money in the safe.
If it had not been for your help, we might have failed.
I'm just going to rest during the summer vacation.
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.
Does that include breakfast?
The strong will survive and the weak will die.
You can stay with us for the time being.
How is the wife?
Bill was crazy for a motorbike.
You had better ask him which way to take.
I met her by chance.
We were greatly relieved to find that the worst dangers were over.
Would you please tell me the way?
I'm about to leave.
Which way is the beach?
Where can I try this on?
He who stays in the valley shall never get over the hill.
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
It is worthwhile to have a try at it.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
You'd better start now.
I cleared the roof of snow.
I had to run to catch up with Tom.
I hope you have a happy future ahead of you.
We advanced under cover of darkness.
It is true of every case.
Wherever you go, you'll be welcomed.
My, but you're nice.
Could you please issue me a visa again?
Takeo is engrossed in solving mathematical problems.
The richer he became, the more he wanted.
Look! There's a bird in that tree.
The more popcorn you eat, the more you want.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
The staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow, steep, and dark.
Do you have anything to declare?
Everyone looked on me as a leader.
The rules drivers should keep are as follows.
Let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament.
The sound of shouting grew faint.
Don't dwell on your past mistakes!
How tall you are!
That's hindsight.
For one thing, I'm penniless; for another, I don't have the time.
Here comes the bride!
How is Mary?
No gains without pains.
If he had worked harder, he might be a rich man now.
Bill is on the editorial staff.
John met Mary on his way to school.
I bought a Daily News.
English is not easy for us.
First, swallow one dose of barium.
I didn't use to smoke.
Good students always keep their desk clean.
Coming events cast their shadows before.
I said nothing, and that made him angry.
Don't watch TV.
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
They will never accept; it's too far.
Suspicion is destructive of friendship.
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of life.
We were taught that World War II broke out in 1939.
You're the only one who can do it.
We have to somehow come through this troublesome situation.
How often do you have to see the dentist?
Don't make such a mistake.
We cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone.
What is the origin of the universe?
You are not a child any more.
Unless there is a miracle, we won't be able to make it on time.
I'd rather die than marry such a man.
I know your name.
That very tune reminded me of my adolescence.
What evidence do you have?
You're going to leave for London next Sunday, aren't you?
The sky is becoming cloudy.
Hurry up.
As we went around the corner, the lake came in sight.
Whatever she says, I don't believe her.
Live where she may, she always enjoys her surroundings.
The rocket travels at a tremendous speed.
I need you.
A boy is walking across the street.
I gotta try to do my best.
What's the good news?
It contained harmful chemicals.
I really appreciate what you've done.
That sounds interesting.
I am of two minds about which to choose.
I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire.
It looks like it's going to be sunny.
When it rains, she feels blue.
I wish you a Happy New Year.
It's a very quiet room.
The rain is beating against the window.
To our surprise, he was defeated in the match.
Everyone is friendly to her.
I will play Sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you.
My idea is that we should talk to Mr Brown.
You should learn to restrain yourself.
Tom and I have nothing in common.
You may as well go home now.
They are sensible girls.
I'm getting high.
Why don't you stay a little while?
Look, here comes your train.
You need to have breakfast.
My sister married a high school teacher last June.
No I'm not; you are!
Why did you choose that particular subject?
Mr Brown is our financial adviser.
We ought to win.
Your name was given to us by Mr. Hayashi of Keiyo Steel Corporation.
That's a completely unfounded rumor.
The air was infected with photochemical smog.
There were several rooms still vacant.
Your tie has come undone.
I cannot account for her absence from school.
Tom usually goes to bed at ten-forty.
She'll have left before you come back.
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.
Scientists began to find answers to these questions.
Because you're a sweet and lovely girl.
Yes, I am from Sapporo.
You can see the sun peeking through the clouds.
If you have any interesting books, lend me some.
Tom tried to climb the tall tree.
I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
I heard it thunder in the distance.
The way tourists dress offends the local standard of propriety.
We banished him from the country.
Put on your shoes. Let's go out for dinner.
Television has a great appeal for him.
It is only too true.
We barred the door and locked it.
I am good friends with Beth.
Were I you, I would apply for the job.
You are always hearing but not listening.
How late can I check in?
Paul is by far the most charming boy in our school.
It is not easy to master English.
I should like to have a friend to correspond with.
That made a profound impression on me.
That's why I was absent from school yesterday.
Try to jump as high as possible.
Had I known it, I'd have told you about that.
Was the money actually paid?
Will you please put that in simpler words?
Hopefully you can rest and relax on the flight home.
Bill didn't turn up at the party.
The door opened.
Are you free on Tuesday?
We could go out together like we did last year.
For instance, bowing is peculiar to us, the Japanese.
All you have to do is to meet her there.
But love can break your heart.
You must make room for the television.
The wages will be paid in proportion to the work done.
Dorothy sent him a nice present.
I want something sweet to eat.
No student was able to answer the question.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
Your idea leaves nothing to be desired.
They were vacant apartments or homes.
Wow! That's cheap!
For years Marina had been inspecting houses.
French is spoken in France.
The more you have, the more you want.
One step further, and you will fall into an abyss.
No music, no life.
Mr. Young wishes his son would study harder.
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
I have a daughter who's married to a Frenchman.
You made me lose my mind.
Dick played the piano and Lucy sang.
We took turns driving the car.
Go ahead and talk.
I'm traveling on a tight schedule. I don't have the time.
What lovely puppies they are!
Didn't you go out?
Some newspapers distorted the news.
You want to have a finger in every pie, don't you?
The doctor advised her to enter the hospital.
Sorry I didn't reply sooner.
Write with a ballpoint pen.
Where is the toilet?
The shoes you are wearing look rather expensive.
A strong wind began to set in.
On the rocks, please.
Who do you work for?
Please help yourself to whatever you like.
Is there a clock in either room?
Come and see me when it is convenient for you.
Above all, take care of yourself.
If only I could speak English!
Rock is the music of the young.
I was caught in a shower.
How much will it cost?
Would you like to go swimming with us?
After the rain, the sun emerged from the clouds.
Do you have your passport?
What if you gave a speech and nobody came?
Let go of the rope.
Mary asked her son to behave himself.
Scott's job is to evaluate the assets of companies.
I don't believe such things exist.
You could count to ten when you were two years old.
Have you visited foreign countries, say America?
Do not say such foolish things.
I still haven't thanked you for the other day. I really appreciate it.
It was yesterday that Mike bought this racket.
That's absolute nonsense!
Next thing you know, you'll be in the papers.
Write your name in capitals.
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
The committee meets today at four.
I'm going to have you read the letter to me, Tom.
Let us settle the matter without a third party.
Tom is more clever than honest.
Don't let opportunities pass by.
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
Anyway, if it just stops raining, then we might be able to go out.
I had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it.
A hearty dinner well appeased my hunger.
You can easily identify Tom because he is very tall.
Have you read the article about Asia in Time?
You had better not repeat such an error.
The moon was above the horizon.
You make too much of the event.
If each would sweep before the door, we should have a clean city.
Admitting what you say, I cannot agree with you.
I feel quite refreshed after taking a bath.
Nevertheless, the topic is worth discussing.
To put it simply, you are in the wrong.
I've reserved a double.
I had to run to the station.
Kanji are difficult to read.
It began snowing just now.
I am proud to be a part of this project.
Some of my classmates passed the examination, but the others didn't.
Please turn on the television.
Slow speech is characteristic of that man.
We must make the best use of solar energy.
Hurry up, or you will be late.
We have to reduce the cost to a minimum.
I'd like to put my belongings away.
It has no bearing on this problem.
One can't expect everything from schools.
Which book is better?
I have no money, but I have dreams.
Harry managed to swim across the river.
The divers found a wreck on the sea-bed.
If I read this book once more, I shall have read it three times.
There is a glass on the table.
The sea grew wilder and wilder.
Can you imagine what life would be like without television?
There ought to be more buses during the rush hours.
We asked him to face the press but he refused to.
Give me a lift in your car.
You are always the cause of my worries.
You are much taller than you used to be.
Leave it as it is, or you will be scolded.
Do you feel like going swimming?
It's against the rules.
Put the plan on the scrap heap.
What did you do that for?
You are too ready to speak ill of others.
You should always save money for a rainy day.
I blew my whole bonus on shopping and travel.
Please go on with your story.
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.
You must live up to your principles.
You're always finding fault with me.
I'm amazed at your fluency in English.
My throat feels clogged up.
There are innumerable stars in the universe.
I didn't hear you.
If you study earnestly, you can expect to pass the exam.
Though imperfectly, he finished writing his manuscript.
We bargained that we should go on a five-day week.
I was moved to tears.
The meeting room is downstairs.
On my way home, I came across an old friend.
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.
Ted is satisfied with life in college.
It seems that the rainy season has set in.
Tom bought a brand-new car.
Maybe I'll just wander off on my own.
Why were you silent all the time?
Can I bring you anything else?
Put it on one bill, please.
There are many sights to see in Kyoto.
Don't worry about such a trifle thing.
I want to buy a Czech sweater.
We made it out of there.
A little more effort, and you will succeed.
Do you have any vacancies?
Harry is gentle with cats.
Summer days can be very, very hot.
I'm anxious to see you.
Tom started the engine.
Our house is conveniently located.
Without air, nothing could live.
I'd like to play tennis.
You can get in touch with him at his home tonight.
I'd just woken up and was still drowsy.
What is the main purpose of your studying English?
You can't enter the building without a permit.
The world is full of fools.
I can speak a little English.
Lady Otohime gave Urashima Taro a beautiful Tamate-box.
Within every man are thousands.
Tom runs very fast.
It's a long, long time since my girl's been gone.
Playing tennis is good for your health.
It's about 133 kilometers from London.
I want ice cream for dessert.
We had to obey the foreign law.
I forgot to call up Mr Ford.
Hold on, someone is knocking at my door.
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.
How long will you stay with your aunt?
My old friend wrote to me, informing me of his return from abroad.
To look at him, you'd take him for a girl.
Do you have any French wine?
Misato tried to be calm, but finally she lost her temper.
We got dead drunk.
Shake before using.
You may have it for nothing.
How many samples, for example?
Read as many books as you can while you are a student.
Some of the money was stolen.
Most accidents happen around the corner.
Would you like a room with a bath or a shower?
Nobody could decide as to what to do.
No one but a strong man is fit for the post.
Could you give me a better price?
You've got a nerve to say such a thing!
Mary went on a voyage around the world.
Our plane was flying above the clouds.
It's new.
Is the bank open?
Please refer to the tourist information office.
You also must be very prudent, to keep that hidden.
A fire may happen at any moment.
It is quite a sorry sight.
Who do you want to speak to?
You will do well to leave him.
Thanks to your help, I could succeed.
That's just an excuse.
We must select a suitable person for any post.
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.
Mary arrived at the hospital.
It looks like Yokkun's dad ran off with his nursery school teacher.
We want you to sing the song.
I have no real intent.
In light of his lack of abilities we cannot expect him to succeed.
We have to get at the truth of the matter.
Dorgan didn't know how to spell dachshund.
Rye was called the grain of poverty.
If they admit me to the university, I think I will major in economics.
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
Are there any movie theaters near here?
May I speak to Mike, please?
You must give up smoking, as it is unhealthy.
He has never been heard of since.
Bert doesn't go to high school, does he?
He was brave in the face of danger.
There's nothing to do, so I may as well watch television.
Ten years is a long time to wait.
I caught a bad cold. "That's too bad."
An ox is captured by the horns, a person is bound by his word.
Mayuko can ride a bicycle.
Both Tom and Bill are playing tennis now.
Let's keep going and see the next town.
How do you do, Mrs. Allen? I'm pleased to meet you.
It is the one you used to hear when you were a little child.
Mrs. Hughes, this is Peter Brown.
Every team, without exception, was defeated.
You must give up smoking.
Mr. Bell is due to make a speech tonight.
There was only one other person on the platform.
He is poor, to be sure, but he is happy.
Bill was able to pass the exam.
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.
Just look in the mirror.
There are many tourists in the city on holidays.
Computer science has made rapid progress in our country.
Which are you better at, boogie-boarding or surfing?
What time can I be there?
And yet he could pass the exam.
We are worn out, because we have been uniting all day.
Hunger is the best sauce.
I need a bit of sugar.
I missed the bus.
She bit into the apple.
There were several stars to be seen in the sky.
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
Express yourself as clearly as you can.
I know you're happy about it. Why don't you just show it?
Plastic does not break easily.
Philip, like Andrew and Peter, was from the town of Bethesda.
It's high time you got married and settled down.
When I left the train station, I saw a man.
We sent for a doctor.
I wish she would stop playing that stupid music.
So what if I am gay? Is it a crime?
Tell me which one to choose.
The baby doesn't walk yet.
It happened a long time ago.
That's my affair.
Don't smoke while you are on duty.
That hit the spot.
I'm really irritable lately. My favorite soccer team is in a slump.
The king created him a peer.
You're an angel!
You don't know German, do you?
When is it convenient for you?
I wish you had not told the story to my mother.
We hope we will make our home full of love and happiness.
When Mike went to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
Why should she have sent for him?
You should not speak ill of others behind their backs.
What are you looking for?
In another six months you will be able to speak German fluently.
It has a wingspan of about four inches.
I'll never do this again.
That is why I am angry with him.
I enjoy watching soccer on TV.
Don't you want to go to the party?
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?
Tobacco smoke is productive of cancer.
Halley's Comet comes round once every eighty years.
Don't carry anything to excess.
While traveling in Europe, I was pickpocketed on a train.
Can you give me a lift to the station?
How often do you go abroad?
Better to get advice from your lawyer.
It is not proper that you talk that way.
We take air and water for granted.
Hello, I'm Tomoko Sato from Japan.
Where's the nearest shopping mall?
I'll pay with travelers' checks.
How did the secret get out?
I must apologize to you for breaking the vase.
John was not at home, as is often the case with him.
What you said is also true of this case.
Only slowly did he begin to understand the situation.
The answers are all right.
Thanks to you, the job went well.
Many companies advertise their products on TV.
What is good to do cannot be done too soon.
I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.
What is missing?
How long does it take to reach Okinawa?
What prevented you from coming earlier?
Dieting takes up so much human endeavor with so little to show for it.
Paul makes it a rule not to be late for his appointments.
Drive slowly.
I am glad that you have succeeded.
Paul's family spends the summer at the coast every year.
If you go to the movies, take your sister with you.
After using the knife, please be sure to put it back where it was.
Your plan sounds great.
You can leave the room now.
Can you see far?
It's getting quite springlike.
Patience is essential for a teacher.
We have to stand up for minority rights.
I managed to make the teacher understand my idea.
I'll take in the washing before it rains.
With a scream, the spectators scattered.
Please take off your shoes.
You must be very naive to be taken in by such a story.
Don't be so noisy, please.
Tom did well considering his age.
Learn as many idioms as possible by heart.
We didn't have much fun.
I'm thinking of going to the States during the summer vacation.
The sky is blue.
Everyone's eyes were fixed upon her.
It makes no difference whether you go or not.
The whole family is out for a walk.
The tank has a capacity of fifty-gallons.
You are old enough to know better. Behave yourself.
You need not have hurried.
Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
Whatever you may say, I don't believe you.
You can go anywhere you like.
I would rather go out.
We live in a civilized society.
The school is crying out for good teachers.
The sky is getting light.
What do you learn at school?
School begins tomorrow.
Such incidents are quite common.
Where should I transfer?
I want him to be informed about that in advance.
Will you put us up for one night?
Be sure to telephone by Friday, OK?
The students wanted us to help push the car.
You must take your coat, in case it gets cold.
Each individual paid 7000 dollars.
Our escape was nothing short of a miracle.
At any rate, I would like to thank you all.
Any magazine will do.
I left it unlocked.
We didn't need to hurry.
Tell me about yourself, please, Sir Anthony.
In case of an emergency, push this button.
Dick tried to solve the problem, in vain.
We failed due to a lack of preparation.
I wish I could swim.
It's not the time but the will that you lack.
Which bag is yours?
How long it is!
We are apt to waste time.
You should exert yourself to get better results.
You shall want for nothing.
The patrol cars cover the whole of the area.
You must pay attention to his advice.
What'd the doctor say?
Yes, two.
You are welcome to any book in my library.
People in Brazil were proud of him.
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
Try and calm down.
Is there a link between smoking and lung cancer?
I have a sore throat and a slight fever.
The rain prevented us from playing tennis outside.
That will benefit the community.
There's no other way than this now.
You can't buy it under 1,000 yen.
We all like cycling.
The situation is worse than we believed.
I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.
If he had carried the map with him, he wouldn't have got lost.
With great effort she managed to fold one more.
One speaks English, and the other speaks Japanese.
Do you hear any sound?
We found it impossible for us to cross the river.
If you could only speak English, you would be perfect.
If you go on drinking so much, you may well end up an alcoholic.
There was an enormous traffic jam in downtown Kyoto.
Hey, you.
Therein lies the problem.
It's evident that you told a lie.
We discussed the matter at large.
If it's a nice day tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
He stayed behind in view of possible danger.
The committee inquired into the cause of the accident.
Do you eat it in the classroom?
I had my wallet stolen on my way to the office.
Why do you want to be a doctor?
It has great weight with her.
The stock market is in a prolonged slump.
If it had not been for your help, I would have failed.
The Mayas made their balls out of rubber.
The machine was clogged with grease.
We were obliged to give up our plan.
Mention each member by name, please.
I think my living with you has influenced your way of living.
Mike got back from the library at five.
Why did she ask for our help?
I have recovered from my bad cold.
Bill was canned from his job last week.
Don't commit yourself.
You need a passport to enter a foreign country.
Tracy lost her glasses.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for school.
Most students come to school on foot.
The rich have troubles as well as the poor.
Mary and I were ill in bed yesterday.
You can always ask a question in return.
It is no inconvenience to drive you home.
You must do your best.
Mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
If it should rain tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
We want to explore an underwater oil field.
Peter loves Jane.
After the rain had let up a bit, we made a dash for the car.
At last, they were reconciled.
Whoever is at the door, please ask him to wait.
I will accomplish it at all costs.
Thousands of people died of hunger.
If he tries hard, he will succeed.
Your composition is perfect except for a few mistakes.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.
By the time you got there, the sun had set.
Even if it rains, I'll start.
I met him while I was staying in Paris.
I made up my mind to get married to Margaret.
It is unfortunately true.
In the end, I found out what was wrong with my TV.
There are many galaxies in the universe.
Open your book to page nine.
If it rains, we will put off our practice match.
Disneyland was very interesting. You should've come with us.
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.
I managed to get to the station on time.
I will leave everything about the party up to you.
I'm very sorry about the mistake.
Mary promised her mother that she would help her more often.
Pretty soon we'd better wrap up this break and get back to work.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Finally, she succeeded.
I'll drop you off at the station.
It sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter.
Many boys and girls were present.
There is no denying the fact that smoking is harmful.
It is a pity that you should lose such a chance.
Move forward one step.
Hastily acquired knowledge was not enough to solve the problem.
Tom heard this and got angry.
Helen graduated from high school last year.
A good method for investing is a monthly allotment.
Mr Ford owns this land.
It's hard to imagine a life without pets.
I'll call by the post office on the way home.
The professor made sure the test was checked carefully.
What's your purpose in studying English?
A cow gives us milk.
I sincerely hope you'll give me this second chance.
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.
It'll soon be time for dinner.
I look around but it's you I can't replace.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
The King invited not only us but also a lot of other people.
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen is.
The swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath.
Don't wash your dirty linen in public.
Never mind. Anyone can make mistakes.
How long have you been waiting for me?
Which is your guitar?
It was careless of you to leave your bag.
I'd rather not take any medicine if I can avoid it.
Don't touch that button!
My stomach is clenched with hunger.
Pray forgive me!
It is not very polite, either.
I'm counting on you to join us.
Generally speaking, a woman will live longer than a man.
The society was founded in 1990.
It's awfully cold today.
How delicious your dinner was!
It is you that are to blame for it.
Much water is needed.
Wages vary in relation to the age of the worker.
My backyard can hold more than ten people.
The party crossed over to America.
If you are to do it, you must make a good start.
I don't trust him any longer.
The bell has not rung yet.
You may as well leave at once.
He began to tremble during the movie.
What hours is it open?
The door opened automatically.
Drivers must look out for children crossing the road.
Everyone marvelled at her courage.
That will do.
The pollution of our coasts is very serious.
The tulips have come out beautifully.
May I look at your passport?
Tom helped me to move.
I would like to go to the concert with you.
Your T-shirt will dry soon.
Tenderness is an important element in a person's character.
Shut the door.
We're getting out of here. The cops are coming.
I'm concerned whether or not I can handle a big job like that.
What a ridiculous opinion that is!
We called off the game on account of rain.
Except for carrots, there is nothing he won't eat.
The company recalled all the baby food made in July.
What's the difference?
It's really horrible.
Can you give me the definition of a cone?
Catch as catch can.
You had better have studied harder.
Music moves the feelings.
Everybody was disguised, so I couldn't tell who was who.
I can't sleep at all!
Please cover for me at the reception desk for about one hour.
Smoking is permitted.
He cannot be an honest man to do such a thing.
We searched the woods for the missing child.
Mike has been making a model plane since breakfast.
Home life was being screened from foreign eyes.
Every other day Bill goes fishing.
Which of you came here first?
Please don't stand on ceremony.
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
To our surprise, Tom came to our party with Mary.
We should respect the old.
However tired you may be, you must do it.
I heard someone calling me from a distance.
The cheers swelled to a roar.
The sky is a hazy shade of winter.
It was ages ago.
That was only a year ago.
Watching TV is fun.
The fire is burning furiously.
You've done a perfect job.
He got very angry, for she refused to follow his advice.
What prevented you from coming to the concert?
You have to be patient.
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.
I'm looking for a part-time job.
I went without food for a week.
It's a pity that Mary has no sense of humor.
I met her an hour ago.
The fire was burning brightly.
Will you kindly come here at nine?
The purpose of the committee is to develop children's musical talent.
Give me another couple of days to think it over.
He committed one crime after another.
I have a strong conviction that our judgement was right.
Did you hear the news on the radio this morning?
But for my advice, you would have failed.
Tom is more hardworking than any other student in his class.
How much do you believe him?
A lot of people were killed in World War II.
Avoiding trouble will not always assure safety.
I neither drink nor smoke.
I will have finished the work before you return.
Fish live in the sea.
The plan announced Tuesday calls for $54 billion in tax cuts.
Tom's already here, but Bill hasn't come yet.
Tom hid under the table.
We arrived first.
I have very bad chills.
Your essay is admirable in regard to style.
I can't tell which work is better than the other.
Appearance is deceptive.
I lost consciousness.
To begin with, you must build up your body.
There is your bag.
No one speaks this language anymore.
Excessive indulgence spoiled the child.
It won't be long before they get married.
We investigated the matter from all angles.
How soon can I have my shoes mended?
Was anybody else absent?
Look out for the wild dog!
The day is sure to come when your dream will come true.
Mary is sitting at the desk.
Isn't that an English book?
Hello, Meg, how have you been?
Don't risk your health by over drinking.
There is a kitchen garden behind my house.
Please let me know how you are going to solve it.
How long does it take?
It is you who is in the wrong.
I will love you always.
Perry visited Uraga in 1853.
Bread and butter is their usual breakfast.
Canned food doesn't interest her.
In case of fire, dial 119.
It's a matter of cost.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis.
If you don't have a pen, use a pencil.
A ballet theater is a place in which I can study motion.
The holiday traffic crawled along the highway.
Our plans are not yet concrete.
The boss made them work day and night.
I think you had better stay with us.
You can improve your English if you try.
That's really sad.
It was nothing less than a miracle.
Did you have a good weekend?
Anyway, I'll take a chance.
They grow melons under glass.
I may have to come home late; if I do, I'll call you.
I have a complicated matter I want to discuss with you.
It's a fact you can't deny.
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company.
I was easily taken in by his smooth talk.
It's a long way to the station.
Don't hesitate to ask for advice.
They are great masterpieces of European art.
Boys! Now listen.
The price of stock declined by half in a month.
Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.
What grade are you in?
She was the last person I expected to see in such a place.
How did you like Linda's concert?
Everybody looks up to Henry.
Rain dripped off the roof slowly.
You will soon get used to speaking in public.
The bus stop is quite handy.
I'll try as hard as I can.
It was very hard for me to find your flat.
Do you have anything less expensive?
When the visitor entered the room, we stood to greet him.
There's a pea in my right nostril.
Have you solved all the problems yet?
Turn to channel 1.
You can always count on Tom.
Tom looked worried about the result of an English test.
Students will take one of these English courses.
I'd like some more bread, please.
I would as soon walk as take a taxi.
The meeting was canceled because of the typhoon.
Worry has made her look ten years older.
Take your time, or you may make some mistakes.
I'm sure your efforts will result in success.
I look forward to meeting you again soon.
Don't burst out laughing like that. It's creepy.
No one can turn the clock back.
And he chased the cattle, the sheep, and the people out of the temple.
The hill lay covered with snow.
You're still green.
It was you that made the mistake!
I wish I could go to Japan.
I'm tired.
It has no absolute and universal significance.
I intend to take my position as a third party.
I used to sit up late at night.
It is impossible to overemphasize its importance.
The roof was dripping.
Can't you stay a little longer?
Not everyone can be a KRS-ONE.
We walked more quickly than usual.
I believe Tom is right.
I beg of you to listen carefully.
Speak more quietly, please.
Honey, will you go shopping for me?
You study English.
Now that we have eaten, let's go.
He has not been heard of since.
You have no cause for anger.
Bill is two years older than I.
The car burned up in the race.
Can you make yourself understood in English?
Turn on the light, please.
All you can do is to wait.
His doctor told him to cut down on drinking.
Everything's a little crazy right now.
Roy practiced very hard to get his ski instructor's license.
Nice to see you.
I hear Robert is sick.
I am entirely at your service.
Please give me another chance.
I have a great mind to do that myself.
Tom made a motion that the class should have a party.
She needs another DPT shot.
He must be crazy to talk like that.
Did you come from a musical family?
Judging from the look of the sky, it is likely to rain.
The commission concluded that the answer was no.
Tom stopped to take a close look at the car.
What did he say?
Coffee finishes most dinners.
Hearing the terrible noise, I asked him what was going on.
When will you be free?
How long have you been studying English?
Paul is not so much a singer as a composer.
It was there when I noticed it.
There being nothing else to do, we went for a drive.
Don't walk so fast. I can't keep up with you.
Try solving the problem.
I was in London most of the summer.
It won't be a long time before she recovers from the shock.
Mozart's life was very short.
I bought it at a giveaway price.
Could you please call him into the meeting?
Everyone calls him Jeff.
You must act more wisely.
What would you like to do while you're here?
It's high time you were in bed.
What do you suggest?
Wind accompanied the rain.
The heavy snow kept us from going out.
You will not be able to go through the book so quickly.
Our meeting was just an accident.
Why is he here?
Show me your passport, please.
Of course, many senior citizens are happy with retirement.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
A closed fist can indicate stress.
One mistake will cost a person his life.
At the end of a working day, everybody is in a hurry to get home.
Tom hit a triple.
You may well say so, but I cannot agree.
How about stopping over at Kyoto and sightseeing at the old capital?
It is good to keep studying all your life.
There is a little milk left in the bottle.
I hit my funny bone on the edge of the table.
Without your consent, nothing can be done about it.
There were no more than two books on the desk.
A man appeared from behind the door.
It grew larger and larger.
Through whom am I to make my complaint, then?
Ever since we've been wearing clothes, we haven't known one another.
Mayuko cried aloud.
Any activity you need to accomplish will take more time than you have.
You are deeply involved with this.
We didn't have much trouble.
I feel relieved.
Aren't you stretched pretty thin already?
Could she make herself understood in French in Paris?
The family were all out reaping the corn.
It's great to have a family.
Meg colored the picture.
We've really got to step on it.
You look bored.
I'll phone you as soon as I get to the airport.
All you have to do is fill in the blanks below.
Have you visited the town where your father was born?
Though the doctor did his best, the patient's recovery was slow.
I hear they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in New Zealand.
Do you have any cough medicine?
The hunter shot at the bird.
Half the students were absent.
It is of little value.
In the absence of a better idea I had to choose this method.
Parents are usually concerned about their children's future.
Several newspapers published the story.
In any case, I'll have to go there tomorrow.
How long have you been abroad?
I was drenched to the skin because of the heavy rain.
Put the ashtray within eyes reach.
Noriko really is a nice person, isn't she?
Tony is playing.
Once you hesitate, you are lost.
Mary's kind nature quickly won her the friendship of her classmates.
To study English is important for today's young people.
I'm the witchfinder general.
Put out the candle. The blackout is over.
No, I'm not sleepy.
Smoking is not permitted in the cinema.
The door pushed open.
It's really wonderful seeing you again, Momoe.
Mariner 9 was launched on May 30, 1971.
Mary oiled her bicycle.
Air the futon.
We have a long way to go.
We were surprised at the news.
If it had not been for the map, I would have lost my way.
I'll act on your advice.
I managed to get in.
Because we'll all fall down on the cold ground.
Let's make it Monday afternoon.
Above all, I want to be healthy.
The rain is beating against the windows.
Do you pay for it in cash or by check?
Sometimes I can't help showing emotions.
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.
His diligence earned him success.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
Some people believe that Japan is No.1 in everything.
Tom is on good terms with John.
There being no vacant seat in the bus, I kept on standing.
We were all surprised at the effect the news had on him.
I felt a chill when I went out of the house.
In summer, meat goes bad easily; you must keep it in the refrigerator.
Would you like some more beer?
The more you learn, the more you want to.
Tom met Mary at a party, and it was love at first sight.
I am going to put my heart into the work.
The committee is composed of teachers and parents.
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
Because it was summer vacation, I took a trip.
No, I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.
Since you are no longer a child, you are to take care of yourself.
Somebody caught me by the arm.
The beginning showed it.
Please go on with your dinner.
Tom pretended not to know the answer.
As luck would have it, a steamer passed by and they were saved.
It sums up the situation pretty well.
I don't care what you say. It's not going to happen!
Somebody's on the porch!
By the way, how many of you are keeping a diary?
I would be more careful if I were you.
You have lovely eyes, don't you?
Milk is a popular beverage.
The kite got caught in the tree.
How did you like the party?
Bob became an engineer.
Richard Roberts is the author of numerous books.
I met a dog on my way home.
Customers stopped coming to our shop.
It occurred to me that I should keep the news to myself.
Do you know what time the shop is closed?
Oh, come on.
We had an early lunch and set out at 12:30.
I must save her at all costs.
Nancy put her elbows on her knees.
What do you want to talk to me about?
Tom is not an idle boy any longer.
No matter what results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
Shared studying among premeds is rare.
It is impossible for Yumi to finish it in a day.
The teacher caught the student cheating on the examination.
Please help me with my homework.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Please come and see me again.
Generally speaking, men are taller than women.
As long as I'm going to be in London, I ought to see a play or two.
Which is your book, this one or that one?
What a fool he is to leave school.
The air is a medium for sound.
It is the tallest tree that I ever saw.
Was I really boring?
The king was greatly entertained by the music.
Something bad's going to happen.
I have to write a 10 page paper for my summer homework.
You are to stay here until we come back.
I don't want to lend or borrow.
Stay quiet and rest.
I regret not having taken his advice.
The hat on the desk is Chama's.
The milk has gone bad.
I have to do something.
Picasso painted this picture in 1950.
Reading aloud was a great effort for him.
He brushed up his English during his stay in London.
Please cut the cake with a knife.
Do you have a larger size?
They will help you to get warm.
Don't speak ill of others behind their back.
Generally speaking, Japanese are hard workers.
How can I start the engine?
Please advise me which subject I should choose.
You must do it yourself.
Could you give me a ride to the station?
Mulligan says he'll sleep easy until the fight.
Bearing can be unbearable.
We elected Jeffrey captain of our team.
I found the book by accident.
I can't afford to pay so much.
The cat rubs its face against her.
Lake Akan is frozen over.
Your dog has worms. Give him vitamins.
I can't sleep well.
Bad news travels fast.
Bill and Joan divided the candy between them.
I think you have sent me a wrong order.
You may invite any person you like.
Eating between meals is a bad habit.
Please give us a 20-30 min. time slot for our presentation.
How far is it from your house to the park?
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.
If the brain is dead, we should let the patient die.
Recently juvenile delinquency has been on the rise.
Had he tried it once more, he would have succeeded in it.
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.
Have a nice time.
I told her that if I could be of any use I would be glad to help.
I was about to start.
Are there any towns with festivals near here?
No matter how rich a man is, he cannot buy love.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
Tom is getting better.
In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.
Let's catch a quick bite.
What are you driving at?
How much is the car you are planning to buy?
Most people killed by smoking were not heavy smokers.
Please come in one by one.
Our company had the fortieth anniversary of its foundation.
That's a copy.
I think you'd better go on a diet.
Which house did you live in?
As long as you have hope, a chance remains.
I don't know how to reply to that question.
Because of the famine, the cattle starved to death.
I expect your help.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
How do I fix the seat?
A novel idea occurred to me.
That will fly on the market.
I'm making about four times as much myself as when I first hired Tony.
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.
We have not kept pace with the latest research.
They were all hoarse from shouting.
I could not convince him of his mistake.
I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
Those who were present were disappointed at the report.
You have only to give him a little help.
I would like to have something to munch on with my beer.
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
It was careless of you to lose the key.
She must still be in her twenties.
The final exams are approaching.
It's time we went home.
Our interest converges on that point.
Which team won the game?
Who was invited to the party?
Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
That's opportunism, pure and simple.
Almost everybody was invited.
You will benefit from a trip abroad.
Are you having a good time?
Tom is eager to buy a new car.
You cannot be too careful of your health.
What is done cannot be undone.
Buy it for me, please.
She took in the washing when it started to rain.
My bath towel was wet, so it was of no use.
A car passed by in the dark.
Tom has bought a house which has six rooms.
The doctor recommended that you should give up smoking.
You must work more.
To my surprise, he refused my offer.
Now that you are grown-up, you ought to know better.
Hey, where are you going?
Fashion designers are breaking with tradition.
You must not forget your schoolbooks.
I wrote off for an application form.
For what purpose did you break into the house?
Marcia looked grim when I told her the story.
A sound sleep made me feel better.
You always like to trip me up, don't you?
Why don't you give your mouth a rest?
You must give close attention to the merest details.
At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
I study about two hours every day.
I'd rather live in a wooden house.
I think I've met you before.
It is the students' duty to clean their classrooms.
The concert will take place next Sunday.
We must consider these matters as a whole.
Our success depends on whether he helps us or not.
Our school was reduced to ashes.
Let us sing a song.
That's too expensive.
I don't like both of you going to such a place.
I couldn't sleep well because it was noisy outside.
Moderation in all things.
How naughty you are! Stop bothering me!
There are exceptions to every rule.
Can you push the door open?
You must be back on Sunday at the latest.
Mr White made a few comments on my speech.
Take your time.
In terms of learning, he is superior to all of his friends.
We are in the tie-up.
The fruits are dried in the sun.
I know better than to lend him money.
Will you give me a light?
We did a lot of singing and dancing at the party.
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?
Please don't cry.
Every house had a garden.
Industrious people look down on laziness.
Can you come?
The situation is growing serious.
The students turned in their term papers.
It seemed strange that the door was open when I got home.
Having a driver's license is an advantage for this job.
He treated it with utmost care.
On base and off, buckle your seat-belts.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
Sometimes I run out of money.
Everyone opposed it, but they got married all the same.
Please cut your vacation short and return.
You must not come in.
It is not good for your health to shut yourself in all day.
Can you read this kanji?
It was a close call when the little girl almost drowned in the lake.
We said we should win.
It's up to you to get to school on time.
Get it done as soon as possible.
Students are expected to stay away from dubious places.
I can't remember how to go there.
Numerous stars were visible in the sky.
Please replace the empty ink jet cartridge in the printer.
It is up to you.
Cold weather is coming.
I am bit weak at figures.
Let me know the way.
Our team came home in triumph.
A lot of boys are running in the park.
Tom keeps a black cat.
It was around eight last night when the meeting broke up.
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.
When you're trying to prove something, it helps to know it's true.
I won't lower myself to his level.
Every country has its own history.
The question is where to stop the car.
Nancy likes music.
I was made to drink.
Peter overcame a lot of difficulties before succeeding as a doctor.
Have you washed your hands yet?
We derive further pleasure from our study.
Bob brought such good news that they jumped up with joy.
Our army broke through the enemy defenses.
A fishing boat put off just now.
Your examination results are excellent.
The environment was the focus of student council activities.
Why are you so sure of his success?
You are to give up smoking at once.
You shouldn't speak so ill of him.
The sound of the parade died away.
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
Had you run all the way, you'd have got there in time.
Yes, it has already started.
Now I must go about my work.
The neighbors took turns sitting up with him.
Let me pass, please.
How good of you to come all the way to see me off!
Do get up, it's very late.
Wine is poetry in bottles.
Baskets are being made nearby.
It was a big upset when Hingis was eliminated in the first round.
You just messed up once. You don't need to agonize over it.
The doctor sat up all night with the sick old man.
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
We shipped the following to you last week.
You should acknowledge your failure.
An epidemic has broken out.
May I have a bus schedule?
That didn't help them any.
Why not?
Peter didn't come after all.
Would you care for a drink?
Bill is on his way to New York.
The flowers died for lack of water.
Money can't buy happiness.
Your opinion is similar to mine.
That runs against my principles.
Napoleon was banished to Elba in 1814.
We express thought with language.
Where's the bus stop?
In most cases, modernization is identified with Westernization.
Or do you have to take the bus?
Whatever you say, I'll marry her.
You had better not wait any longer.
She switched on the lamp because it was dark.
Mary has a social nature.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
The knife we used to cut the bread with was sharp.
I did write to him.
Fred left his wife a large fortune.
I'll give you a present.
If only I had left home five minutes earlier.
Donald doesn't like people who speak ill of others.
The hardness of diamond is 10.
Nobody will believe that rumor.
He was groggy from too much wine.
You can put it anywhere.
The prince bowed down to Snow White.
I'm running out of ideas.
Do you have an opinion?
We negotiated with the President about our working hours.
Bill was killed by an intruder.
What a stroke of luck!
Where can I see a football game?
I will hit the sack.
Who is the tallest of all?
Nothing is without risk.
The boss called him out for his blunders.
I'm thinking of going to Germany to study medicine.
We depend on foreign nations for our natural resources.
I think I have to get moving with some work for the exams.
We haven't had a price increase in the last five years.
There's very little paper left.
I want to sleep a little more.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
My band name's Red Hot.
Speaking English is a lot of fun.
It was an event that occurred only rarely.
Holmes went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
Hey, what's the big secret? Come on; let me in on it.
By chance we saw him as he came out of the shop.
To her joy, she passed the entrance examination.
Will there be an earthquake in the near future?
You shouldn't let children eat too many sweets.
What time does it open?
A nurse took my temperature.
No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
Mrs. Young didn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
The door was locked, so I couldn't get in.
You met him at the university?
It proved the truth of the rumor.
We had guests for dinner yesterday.
Pass me the salt, would you?
What is the temperature?
In case of a fire, use this emergency stairway.
Whichever you choose, you cannot lose.
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
The volcanic eruption threatened the village.
A growing child requires more food.
Do you think mankind will someday colonize the Moon?
Autumn is the best season for going on hikes.
We haven't known each other long.
That would be fine.
Everybody calls him Mac.
You need not have bought the book.
The motorman slowed down the train.
We were roused at daybreak by the whistle of a train.
You must come back before nine o'clock.
I'm at a loss for what to say.
The bathroom is at the end of the hall.
The cold weather has turned the leaves red.
Every child bowed to the teacher.
What's the matter with you? You look pale.
The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
You will catch it if you do such a thing.
What do you want such an old car for?
I'd like to reserve a table for three.
Bill shouted that he was all right.
Tom suggested another plan to the committee.
Miss March gave me an English dictionary.
The day before yesterday, we arrived in Osaka.
What sports do you like?
You must form regular habits.
It is cool after the rain.
Put on your shoes.
We'd better hurry then.
Why are there no taxis at the station today?
Peter isn't anything like his father.
It is typical of him to say such a thing.
You should return home before it gets dark.
If you didn't have your head in the clouds, you could succeed.
It's a problem we do not have any answer for.
You always insist that you are in the right.
It is often pointed out that a vague smile is typical of the Japanese.
Why don't you get yourself a decent house?
We made camp near the lake.
The movie starts at ten o'clock.
We talked late into the night.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
Tom changed color.
A word is enough to a wise man.
Manpower is the world's largest temp agency.
The can is empty.
You can't be too diligent.
Students are supposed to study hard.
The bill amounts to 500 dollars.
Weather permitting, let's go on a picnic.
If he had not met with that accident, he would be alive now.
I wonder whether man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
I learned about your portable copier at the Tokyo-Office '97 Expo.
TV has taken the place of radio.
Tony was a good, strong boy.
As Tom is honest, I like him.
We found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard.
A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
We must always be prepared for disasters.
The doctor administered medicine to the patient.
I'm not used to staying up late at night.
Tom is better at science than anyone else in his class.
May I take a message?
The rainshower made the dust settle.
It's already ten o'clock at night.
The film started at 2 o'clock.
English is useful in commerce.
How careless he was to pinch his fingers in the door!
We will give them moral support.
The hawk circled round in the sky.
The driver tipped his cap.
How were the bodies of those who died disposed of?
The sky suddenly began to darken.
Could you add the cost to my room bill?
But for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
Music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Why he killed himself is still a mystery.
You are safe so long as you stay here.
Most writers hate being criticized.
Have you got a beard already?
Plant these seeds before summer sets in.
It is hot, no doubt, but then the heat is dry.
You need not have come all the way from such a distant place.
How did you pull off that agreement?
You did well to keep the secret.
A promise given under a threat is worthless.
Wait in the waiting room.
The shareholders meeting was held.
The Sphinx howled with rage.
The fire alarm sounded.
It would be foolish, not to say mad, to do such a thing.
It is hard to say which car is nicer.
The English sovereign is generally said to reign but not rule.
You are the only one.
It is not good for the health to smoke too much.
The candle went out by itself.
I meant no harm.
It was dreadful weather.
Whose is this?
Henry will come of age this March.
Can you make it on time?
Nancy knows better than to marry Jack.
The doctor had me lying in bed.
I apologize for the delay in sending the agenda.
Tell me what to do with it.
We die only once, and for such a long time.
We got together for short meeting after dinner.
My stomach is rumbling.
It's as deep as it is wide.
You're tough.
I've lost my pencil.
Do you have a condom?
You have the advantage of me.
You'd better go home as soon as possible.
If they don't have a car, they'll come by taxi.
I'll be back within an hour.
I cheered myself up by listening to music.
There are also nightclubs where you dance flamenco.
The muddy road has ruined my new shoes.
If you need any money, I'll lend you some.
Don't look so fiercely at me.
Blowfish is a delicacy in Japan.
Mary is studying in her room.
Keep in touch by mail.
You should have completed it long ago.
Tom is as tall as any boy in our class.
I could've met you at the airport.
We have absolute proof that smoking is bad for your health.
Love will come in time.
Translate the underlined sentences.
Please fill out this form first.
Mr White read out some letters of thanks to his students.
You may choose whichever book you like.
The rocks are weathered into fantastic forms.
He started in spite of the rain.
Mr White's yard is large.
Such a case is not uncommon today.
So I can make music.
I'll call you up later.
You must, above all, be faithful to your friends.
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.
I don't like other kinds of drinks.
You will be taken for an ill-mannered person if you do so.
How many kilograms does it amount to?
If you hurry, you'll catch up with him.
In life there are ups and downs.
I'll support you as much as I can.
What an expensive piano!
I'd like a twin with an extra bed.
I got a motorbike cheap.
The landlord told him to leave because he hadn't paid his rent.
As singers go, she is among the best in the country.
It was not long before the rumor died out.
It is true she is young, but she is wise.
Through communication we are able to learn about each other.
It will be done a week from today, that is, on May 3.
What magazines do you subscribe to?
I read your new book with real delight.
Our soccer team was covered in glory.
We had better do what other people do.
What has made you decide to work for our company?
Why did he quit his job?
Bob sang loudest at the party.
You are a good boy.
Had I realized what you intended, I wouldn't have agreed.
A foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so.
Could you pass me the salt, please?
Lemon is sour.
We must die sooner or later.
We must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations.
I had some difficulty making up my mind which colleges to apply to.
It's no use your saying anything.
I had barely got home when the storm broke.
Of course they resemble each other in some ways.
We have six lessons a day.
Last night I did not get a wink of sleep.
Tim is a huge fan of satirical comedy.
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
I had to call off the party.
Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
Can you get it repaired?
Having a bad cold, he was absent from school today.
I will have left here before you return.
Tom is liked by his friends.
We began to sail in the direction of the port.
My back tooth has chipped.
Please note the change in the meeting agenda.
With your help, I could succeed.
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
A tiger will attack people when it is hungry.
Tom went back to his hometown.
We should stick to our plan.
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.
We deal in silk goods.
At last, he came.
Linda stuck her tongue out.
Which part of Boston are you going to?
It was shining in the sky.
She does not eat cake, so as not to put on any more weight.
The door is locked at nine o'clock.
What a long bridge it is!
She looks as if she were drunk.
You can't kick me around any more.
Clear off the table.
I'm fine, thanks. Oh, Laura, this is my friend, Ayako.
Smoke was rising from the chimney.
You are doing very well. Keep it up.
It costs an arm and a leg.
It was so noisy that I couldn't make myself heard.
Could I have the check?
Many English words are derived from Latin.
If it were not for your help, I could not run this store.
It's about time for the train to arrive.
To understand someone is to love someone.
I'd like to invite you to lunch, if you're not busy.
The committee was split over the project.
Cold blasts from the broken window chilled us.
Most people retire at the age of sixty.
Several people have been accused of breaking the law.
It is no use your trying to deny it.
Didn't you know that he passed away two years ago?
Both buildings burned down.
Surely the most curious of sources consulted is Mankind Quarterly.
Press down on the lever.
I urinate involuntarily.
Both Nancy and Jane were absent from school.
Some other boys came along.
It's important to unite as many workers as possible.
A lot of boys ran after the rabbit.
I have some doubts about it.
Don't speak badly of him in his absence.
Our professor paid the bill for all of us.
We gained access to the house through the window.
Which do you like better, English or music?
What's this chair doing here?
More and more doctors have begun to use the new medicine.
It is on me.
Even though it is raining, I don't care at all.
The bank shuts late on Fridays.
Tony has lived in Kumamoto since last year.
Everybody calls the small cat Tora.
OK. I'll send it out as soon as a machine is available.
Your shoes are here.
I put away 10 dollars each month.
Censorious people delight in casting blame.
Lincoln granted liberty to slaves.
It is as if the whole sky were on fire.
How far is it to New York?
You have to raise funds for the relief work.
Will you look after my baggage?
Fish live in the water.
The party ended up becoming a great revelry.
I'll be hanged if it's true.
He asked me if I could speak English.
All right. I'll accept your offer.
How did you come here?
Our bodies respond to our feelings.
Please don't be so sad. Cheer up!
Can you tell me how to get to Lincoln Center?
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?
There are pros and cons to anything.
Bob was very happy.
Would you care for more cookies?
There are many old temples in Kyoto.
Excuse me. That fare is not enough.
What school a person graduated from counts for nothing.
Just as I don't have good eyes, so neither does my son.
What time will the bus pick us up?
How many close friends do you have?
What you are saying is equal to "no", isn't it?
It cost him five pounds to buy it back.
You may as well wash your shirt.
What do you do in your free time?
Generally speaking, what she says is right.
Mayuko reads a good deal.
The rich are not always happy.
If you have any difficulty, ask me for help.
Did you leave the window open?
You have only to read a few more pages.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
It is still in the testing stage.
As I was at a loss what to do, I asked my teacher for advice.
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
You shouldn't talk about Jack behind his back.
He asked me what I had been doing.
What are you thinking about?
Just for the record, I totally disagree with this decision.
I often wrote to her when I was a student.
Please change your database to reflect the new address as follows.
In such thin clothes, are you warm enough?
Can you make sense of this poem?
In his school days he wasn't as gentle as he is now.
School starts in April.
I guess you are right.
Brian lives over the hill.
Don't ask what they think. Ask what they do.
In due time, his innocence will be proved.
Every man has his faults.
Nazareth! Can anything good come from there?
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
It was an argument of little substance.
Please stay as long as you wish.
The buses ran back and forth almost empty.
By the way, have you ever been to Hokkaido?
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
To look at him, you would take him to be a foreigner.
Rituals were performed in churches.
She paints every day no matter how busy she is.
Could I have two tickets to Malcolm X?
I'd like to have that gift wrapped.
But somehow he managed to stagger to the doors.
We should hold old people in reverence.
You must educate your tongue to distinguish good coffee from bad.
There is no water left in the bottle.
It cannot be true.
Dennis laughs at Wilson's round face.
We saw the bird when we visited Okinawa.
May I ask a favor of you?
All you have to do is to obey my orders.
Which is the hottest of all the seasons?
Who should look after the elderly?
Lemons and limes are acidic fruits.
I was caught in the rain and got soaked to the skin.
If I had enough money, I could buy it.
It's important for us to win the game.
Written in plain English, the book can be read even by you.
Above all, you must work now.
It's raining buckets outside.
Were I to die, who would look after my children?
The fire alarm rang.
Mr Brown is in the sunset of his life.
Even if it costs 10,000 yen, I must buy the dictionary.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
How much is the fare to the Hilton Hotel?
The sky looks angry.
You must build up your courage.
Your explanation won't wash; it's too improbable to be true.
You must provide for a rainy day.
The brakes did not work.
We extended a hearty welcome to them.
I'll do anything.
We had a bar of gold stolen.
The rain lasted three days.
You have to put up with all this noise.
Mary is too stubborn to apologize.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
Is Tony there?
Clean your lips with the napkin.
Bill took his brother to the zoo.
Music feeds our imagination.
This is the boy I think about.
Let me have a look at the picture.
The rains entered a lull.
It's going to rain. Look at those dark clouds.
Danger past, God forgotten.
I tried again and again, but I couldn't succeed.
How can I get to the zoo from here?
He changed a lot since the last time.
When does your school break up?
Tatsuya has some friends who live in New York.
It seemed rather bad.
It is difficult to express one's thoughts in English.
What would become of our city if an earthquake were to hit it?
I'm very sorry to hear that.
We are having a whale of a time.
Wet blankets are not always unpleasant after you get to know them.
In any case, you must come here by ten.
Would you please not leave the door open?
We didn't go very far.
We gained admittance to the meeting.
It isn't much of a car.
I have to go even if it rains.
Please, can you indicate this to me on the map?
Do you have a room of your own?
Takeshi is making great progress with math.
We decided to put off the meeting until next Sunday.
We were forced to work hard.
Just put yourself in my shoes.
I can't work at all with all these useless calls coming in.
It's only a short way, so you can walk there in a few minutes.
In England, in the summer, the sun rises at about 4 a.m.
Wet clothes clung to her body.
Every person who is alone is alone because they are afraid of others.
Robert comes to visit me every now and then.
We would now like to have some sample flashlights.
Nobody likes being laughed at.
You're starting to warm up now.
The aggressive salesman urged me to sign the contract right away.
If it is worth doing, do it well.
I had a wonderful time.
Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are a tempest and hailstorm.
Tom and I are friends.
I can walk to school in half an hour.
Chemistry gave us plastics.
Some people say that English politeness is, at bottom, really fear.
There is no mother who doesn't love her own child.
If it were to rain tomorrow, the match would be postponed.
Women live longer than men in most countries.
Money soon goes.
I'm sure you'll whip us up something really good.
Your effort will be rewarded in the long run.
How should I know where he is?
President Reagan's tax program has not worked.
Tom and Mike became acquainted through their mutual friends.
Why are you holding my hands?
Milk nourishes a baby.
After a year's practice, she plays the piano after a fashion.
Do you think television does children harm?
Homesickness is a longing to go back to where you are from.
He's Argentinean and he gives tennis lessons.
You must go up the hill.
Women had little choice in the past.
It's bad luck to say that.
Mayuko was alone in the room.
The excited audience ran into the concert hall.
I do feel the cold.
The door gave to my pressure.
You are sure to succeed, whatever you do.
The blossoms expand under the influence of the weather.
There are many places to see in Kyoto.
A nephew is a son of one's brother or sister.
Add a little more pepper.
We consumers must buy more domestic products.
How did the accident come about?
Learning a foreign language is difficult.
In general, Japanese are hardworking.
It is a matter of life or death.
The hotel was in sight.
No matter what he says, I'll never believe him again.
Music gratifies the ears.
An orderly lifestyle and a regular diet are the keys to health.
It is likely that he has made such a careless mistake.
Mike didn't join the practice yesterday.
Put it back on the desk.
You ought to have taken your father's advice.
How long ago did the bus leave?
I met her by chance on the train the day before yesterday.
Of course there should be local hospitals.
The only room available is a double.
There are buttons on the coat.
Would you like to go have a drink?
External application only.
My tutor scolded me for my stupid behavior.
You work too hard these days. Aren't you tired?
Please hand in your papers by the last day of this month.
Why are you short with me?
We were nearly frozen to death.
Why did you not go to the office?
That will give you a vivid impression.
You're the best man for the job.
What a man you are!
I've decided not to keep a dog again.
That last comment was pushing it.
Do you have anything to talk about?
Did you leave a tip?
We came in sight of the hill.
Please write down your name, address, and phone number here.
I don't mean to challenge your theory.
I haven't had a reply to my letter.
You'll have to do it, whether you like it or not.
Bob saw him again.
I talked with our sales people.
It's clear that you're wrong.
You are fortunate for having such good friends.
Swallows fly away at the approach of winter.
Your tie is crooked.
Where shall we meet?
I managed to finish the work.
Bob was born in the same year as you.
What time does it start?
Lucy's mother told her to take care of her younger sister.
Uncle Bob fixed my clock. It keeps good time now.
America is a lovely place to be, if you are here to earn money.
None of us is perfect.
What kind of places would you like to see?
It will disturb you in your studies.
That's a delicate point.
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days?
There's a hole in the bottom of the bucket.
I have no money to buy it.
We are currently experiencing some turbulence.
You can do it.
By the way, have you seen anything of Carter lately?
From the look of the sky, it may begin to snow tonight.
At last, the baby fell asleep.
What is going on?
The youngest boy dropped behind the other hikers.
Don't fool around on your way home.
Richard is fair, even to people he does not like.
Do you know why the sky is blue?
How often do the buses run?
Can we create something out of nothing?
English is a language spoken all over the world.
I've staked out places for us in the front row of the auditorium.
I got a rash from cosmetics.
Bring a lunch for our day of hiking.
Do you have any complaint about it?
They were all charmed by her song.
Strange as it may sound, this is true.
A television set used to be a luxury.
It was such a hot night that I could not sleep till midnight.
We made fun of him about this.
Mike, do planes usually rock like this?
If only the rain would stop.
The furniture was dusty.
I can't find my glasses.
Naoki is as old as Kaori.
The video shop is open until 3 o'clock.
If I knew his address, I could write to him.
It's about time I was going home.
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
What are you smirking at? Did something good happen?
It is true that he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
The guests are all gone.
The doctor was sent for.
Looks aside, she is very good-natured.
How about going swimming?
If it weren't for the climate, I'd like it here very much.
There is no smoke without fire.
We have to call off the meeting.
The pommel horse requires more balance than strength.
Here we are.
Does Tony run every day?
I prefer going out to staying at home.
The room started to spin after I drank too much.
I advise you to be careful in making notes for the lecture.
I can't be around smoke.
Turn your face this way.
It is raining.
In general, the English are extremely fond of their pets.
Students should make the most of their free time.
I don't know him.
Mary always studies for two hours a day.
That accounts for why the door was open.
I opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side.
How about me stopping by?
Bob and I are great friends.
As our taxi broke down on the way, we had to walk to the station.
We went to the museum.
Pick up your things and go away.
I don't want to fail my exams.
The meeting will be held next month.
Lynn runs fast.
Too many sweets cause your teeth to decay.
What do you intend to do?
Strange to say, no one voted for the candidate.
Is there any fresh news?
You have just done your homework.
Peter showed due respect to his teacher.
Lucy cannot use chopsticks.
Tell me when it came about.
If all went according to her plan, she would be in great demand.
I love trips.
All of us are working on the case.
The engineer climbed the telephone pole.
She certainly looks beautiful in a Japanese kimono.
You should learn how to use your dictionary.
Someone remarked that Mary was always late for meetings.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
Tom made me a birdcage.
You cannot lift the piano alone.
Meg talks too much.
Take steady aim at the tiger.
I must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished.
Do you find it funny that I feel this way?
You'll find the shop between a bank and a school.
A cat got out from under the car.
I can play the piano after a fashion.
I am afraid that it will rain.
Let's straighten up the desk.
I ran to school, but the bell had already rung.
Did you push the button?
We ran into each other at the station.
Your mother is in critical condition.
When I have migraines, aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me.
We deepened our friendship.
Opening the door, I found her sleeping.
I owe you ten dollars.
What is it that makes you think that way?
The summer vacation is only a week away.
It is hers, is it not?
It's high time you had your hair cut; it's grown too long.
A mouse is a timid creature.
That is the same color as mine.
Fred spent all day looking for a job.
Mr Brown is a wool merchant.
I have no time to listen to such everyday affairs.
It happened prior to my arrival.
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.
None of the students were late for school.
I hear you had your driver's license canceled.
The station is pretty far.
Dinosaurs are now extinct.
So there is a magnetic field around earth.
Hard work enabled him to get good marks.
I will make up for the lost time by working as hard as I can.
I can not make out at all what you say.
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.
My view is different from his as to what should be done.
He made a resolve to stop smoking.
Easy living corrupted the warrior spirit.
We've been friends ever since.
It will get warmer soon.
Our boat approached the small island.
The express arrives at 6:30 p.m.
Our world is only one small part of the universe.
Each member has to pay a membership fee.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
Please send your sales reps to this new account.
You have given me so many.
You don't have to give yourself such airs.
There is no need to draw a hasty conclusion.
Generally speaking, Americans like coffee.
How did you enjoy the movie?
We sat on a bench in the park.
I'm kind of happy.
As was expected, he won the prize.
If you go underwater, hold your nose and blow to clear your ears.
What position do you hold?
I'll be about again when my leg heals.
He is cranky.
Let's keep him in the dark until we know more.
Is there no alternative to what you propose?
We have yet to learn the truth.
It's better to ignore his eccentricities.
Bob was always in a tight spot with the police.
You've been had.
Face life with a smile!
Mayuko always wants the best.
Will you lend me your dictionary?
Tulips come into bloom soon.
Sure. Right away.
Have you found any good solution?
We are subject to the laws of nature.
Mere decay produces richer life.
The first baseman tagged the runner out.
We must look into the matter at once.
That's a cheerful remark.
A sudden illness prevented me from going to the station to meet him.
My house stands on a hill.
Leave your desk as it is.
Your action has offended his dignity.
You'd better give up smoking.
Come home before dark.
Hurry up, or it will start raining.
Do you think it will take long by bus?
Good movies broaden your horizons.
Do you plan to go abroad?
We invited him to the dinner party.
Have you answered that letter yet?
Too much water drowned the miller.
Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every day.
I was going to write to you, but I was too busy.
It makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not.
It doesn't pay to play video games.
Allan works on Tuesday and Friday nights at the Konbini.
You could count to ten when you were two.
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.
I took my umbrella lest it rain.
I get depressed by the slightest things.
I'm afraid my depth perception is very poor.
I cannot accept your gift.
We talked over the plan with him.
England established many colonies.
That's an excellent wine.
The war finally broke out.
What a mean fellow!
How much is the monthly rate?
Swallows migrate to a warm climate.
It seems that Mr Brooke is an honest man.
Choose three books at random.
We spent a lot of money on furnishing our house.
According to Tom, Jane got married last month.
There's a dog by the door.
Winter sports are very popular in our country.
Anybody knows it.
It began to rain in earnest.
We eat buttered bread for lunch.
Madonna is known to every high school student in Japan.
I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
A revolution has occurred in technology.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo.
She kept her valuables in the bank for safety.
If you turn on me like that, I won't talk anymore.
Charge this bill to me.
Please speak as clearly as possible.
We must go forward getting the better of all obstacles.
The toilet doesn't flush properly.
I can't go any further.
Don't commit yourself to doing it within a week.
Can I borrow your hair drier?
Turning to the right, you will come to the museum.
You should have Mr Brown correct your speech before the presentation.
I have no plans whatever.
Why should you suspect me?
You should act more calmly.
Do you have any plans for the summer vacation?
Our company's agent in Rio will meet you at the airport.
I'm at the hospital. I got struck by lightning.
If you had a word processor, you'd be free from all this trouble.
How on earth did you know that?
We basked in his favor.
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
Take me with you.
Mr Wright speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
We camped on the border of the lake.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
The table was groaning with food.
It is important that you attach your photo to the application form.
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.
How old will you be next year?
Success does not come from laziness.
Is he mad that he should say such a foolish thing?
Tom met Mary on his way to school.
Our school begins at eight in the morning.
You drink tea.
About how long will it take?
A good pair of glasses will help you to read.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for instance.
Thank you very much for coming so far as see me off.
Is there anybody who knows first aid?
The price is not reasonable.
Money doesn't grow on trees, you know.
Do you want to see her very much?
I met him on my way home.
Look at a baby sleeping in the bed.
I don't approve of your going out with him.
Soon the bath was cool enough for him to get into.
Yamada is second to none in English in his class.
Which train are you catching?
Do you have any tickets left?
There are a lot of tall buildings in New York.
So fuckin' what.
Is Mike a member of the swimming club?
Tom is not as old as you.
I'm tired of eating fast food.
Those books will make a fine library.
Can it be true?
Do you accept Visa card?
I read about All Ball.
How about telling me what you have in mind?
We had no choice but to leave the matter to him.
You are a snake!
My family will be away for a week.
He should have bought some pencils.
There is nothing that does not decay.
This is all you have to do now.
It is said that the Vikings preceded Columbus in discovering America.
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
Where have you been?
We have to clear up the problem first.
I'll lend you my notebook.
No one was to be seen in the street.
Let's take your temperature first.
The palace has a tall tower.
He stuck to his opinion though I told him not to.
The contrast between the sky and the mountain is striking.
Do you have any imported beer?
Bob is a nice person.
Tomatoes are sold by the pound.
In a word, he is a coward.
Though the Browns have seven children, they seem to make ends meet.
Imagine yourself to be in his place.
Each of the students has his own locker.
Is Mr Brown a teacher?
That's one of the conventions of our daily life.
Your chair is identical to mine.
Wouldn't you like another glass of beer?
You had better check them at the front desk.
That's for suckers.
Can you tell me what the zip code is for New York?
Welcome to the machine.
It's been ten years since we last met.
Can you extend your holiday by a few days?
What have you done with your car?
Don't worry about the result of your test.
Walk as fast as possible.
Judging from what you say, he must be a great scholar.
We have five days to go before the holidays.
They are a party of six.
Please wait for me at the station.
I saw him at one time or another.
I have to do my homework instead of going out.
The professor smiled.
I'll see to it that you meet her at the party.
The sky seemed to blend with the sea.
I'd like a daiquiri.
We saw a mountain in the distance.
Aren't you pushing it too far?
He saw something behind a lot of old boxes.
What a big eater!
I feel like a rest.
Two vanilla ice creams, please.
Can I use your pen?
We must carry out that plan.
I wonder who to invite.
I'm looking forward to the party.
Be the matter what it may, we must persevere.
You're about right.
Please come to my house in the afternoon.
It was the best experience in all my life.
Try to do one thing at a time.
I'll call you a taxi.
I almost drowned.
Don't hang up yet, please.
We are solidly behind you.
Beer is brewed from malt.
The Germans took to flight.
We have an oversupply of clothing.
Once I learned what to listen for, I came to appreciate modern jazz.
You may as well do the task now.
It's too far to walk to the station, so let's take a bus.
I did not miss my purse till I got home.
At last he appeared.
What sort of information do you get on the Internet?
I think that Delbert is crazy.
Bill will often sing in the toilet.
Strange to say, he saw the ghost of his father.
Peter and I would often go to the movies.
Whatever you may say, I won't give it up.
Tom was walking slowly with his head down.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
As a pianist, he is far above me.
As you already know.
Our combined fleet broke through the enemy's defense zone.
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?
Is everything OK here?
We must prevent the fire from reaching the gunpowder at any cost.
You must persevere before you can accomplish anything great.
She has as many books as I.
Not knowing what to say, she remained silent.
I have good news in store for you.
First, I should hear both sides.
The summer vacation is over.
I want a quart of milk.
You can hear the water dripping from the pipe.
Scientific truth is a creation of the human mind.
Churchill was a worthy statesman.
I'm a free man.
Don't use slang if you can help it.
Science is based on very careful observations.
The weakness of vinyl is that it is easily affected by heat.
We use them often as parasols or umbrellas.
Where is the bathroom?
The doctor felt my pulse.
In case of fire, break this window.
Modern technology gives us many new things.
Can I use your typewriter?
Tom likes tea better than coffee.
Compare the style of those letters.
The price of gold varies from day to day.
It sounds like a dream.
It looks rainy.
I'm not sure about that. It depends.
It was you that were wrong.
I think the reason that he killed his wife is still a mystery.
The revolution ushered in a new era.
Strange to say, the door opened of itself.
A teacher should never laugh at his students' mistakes.
It is getting colder and colder day by day.
That is out of the question.
Bill was late for school as usual.
It is very cold outside. You'll catch a cold without a coat.
We were unable to follow his logic.
You like it, huh?
The flowers revived after the rain.
I saw a flock of birds flying aloft.
I saw a cottage in the distance.
Doctors do not always live long.
Would you mind waiting another ten minutes?
All of the rules must be in line with company policy.
Mike liked animals very much.
It rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time.
Dozens of students gathered there.
I am not sure, but I think I want to be a teacher.
How is your term paper coming along?
A rat chewed a hole in the wall.
I'll finish the work in a week or less.
That's what we call an "otoshidama".
Please tell me the closest station to your office.
It is hardly raining.
It's an hour's walk to the station.
Is there a vacant seat?
Tony gave us a piece of helpful advice.
Can you walk to school, or do you have to take the bus?
We should try to look at the wider problem.
I was so excited that I could not fall asleep.
Let's decide together where to go first.
I lost the camera I had bought the day before.
Have you started reading the book yet?
Dr. Faust was well versed in alchemy.
Is it not black?
A band led the parade through the city.
Bacteria will not breed in alcohol.
Can I count on your loyalty?
I was surprised by his success.
If he had failed the exam, what would he have done?
The session will be prolonged again.
What with overwork and poor meals, she fell ill.
Love makes the world go round.
We tend to use more and more electric appliances in the home.
Your answer is anything but perfect.
We have made numerous improvements to our house since we bought it.
Ask him about it.
What a lovely day!
I often get conjunctivitis.
Do you mind if I join your trip to the country?
How long does it take to go to the office from your home?
Where did you have the suit made?
We had been rival lovers at one time.
Mike earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
I haven't the faintest idea what you mean.
It began raining in earnest.
If you have ever visited Rome, you must have seen the Coliseum.
Please come again.
I might as well drown as starve.
How come you didn't say anything?
The doctor advised me not to drink too much.
Mary gazed at George in admiration.
Every dog has his day.
You must try and come to the party.
How about another round?
It is the car that we have wanted.
It makes little difference.
Brush your teeth, however sleepy you are.
I left my umbrella in the cab.
The little boy got into mischief when he was left alone.
The toilet doesn't flush.
Much money is spent every day.
What on earth are you doing here?
Are you for or against abortions?
With kind regards to you all.
The leaves are fresh after a rainfall.
I have no idea why you want to part with that.
It's an advantage to be good-looking.
Although he had many toys, his greed made him want more.
I'm tied up with a project that is due Friday.
I hope we can get together again. Yes, I'll be looking forward to it.
Paula is going to wash the car tomorrow.
It is cheaper than chemical fertilizers.
If he wanted to get to London today, he should leave now.
Only a few people listened to him.
Ms. White spoke slowly enough for me to catch her meaning.
I met your father just now.
Which gate is that?
Charity begins at home.
If it were not for water, nothing could live.
Are you not tired?
Please turn off the light.
Mickey Conners made mincemeat of his opponent in the ring.
Lay it down on paper so everyone understands better.
You're happy-go-lucky.
I'm afraid you have to work overtime.
The closing of school was due to the heavy snow.
Taro succeeded to his late father's estate.
These figures don't add up.
That is not much of a problem.
I felt hungry.
The treasurer was short in his accounts.
It is a good plan but hard to carry out.
Will you have some more pie?
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
Like knows like.
A rope was thrown into the water.
Smoking does much harm but no good.
They say we'll have an earthquake one of these days.
Diane is your half-sister too, George.
You should read as many books as you can.
Mr Iuchi has no one to fall back on.
A delivery man is dropping off an arrangement of artificial flowers.
You can't eat chicken? How do you know if you never try it?
The clouds hid the sun.
Please turn down the volume a little bit more.
It may or may not be true.
Would you mind terribly making me a cup of coffee?
It's time you went to the barber's.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.
He stayed there during the vacation.
If you had not helped me, I would have failed.
You should try to be more polite.
Two nurses are attending her.
I entirely approve of what you say.
You may choose whichever book you want to read.
Right and left are opposites.
The towel counted for nothing.
May I wash all my laundry at once?
Life is hard, but I am harder.
Beyond was the sea.
I would appreciate a reply as soon as possible.
How do you account for your absence from the meeting?
How long will it stop there?
Leave it there.
Finally, my sister got engaged.
Where's the nearest museum?
It is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
We make butter from milk.
That's just a yarn.
He was already aware of it.
Roger slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
You are old enough to know better.
Mike likes to play basketball.
Can you swim across the river?
Do you collect anything?
It is a typical Gothic church.
What was invented by Bell?
The weather is fickle.
What's your shoe size?
Permanent peace is nothing but an illusion.
You should have accepted his advice.
I think it's worth asking.
Fire is always dangerous.
We did our best only to fail.
The Roman football game was like the Greek game.
Either you or I am wrong.
He has a hungry look.
New Zealand is a country of sheep and cows.
What is in the desk?
I wish you could drop in at my house on your way home.
Which do you like best, apples, oranges or grapes?
It is not easy to get rid of bad habits.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
Please help yourself to some more cake.
Nothing is as precious as friendship.
I'll win no matter what it takes.
Smoking is not good for the health.
It was found at the bottom of the river.
It is no wonder that you are turning down the proposal.
Have you finished it?
We can't even live for a day without water.
Bell used to live in London, didn't he?
I have heartburn.
It was a lovely sight to see.
Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.
It is a hall rather than a room.
You ought to do it at once.
What sort of coats are in fashion this year?
Two high school boys beat Tom black and blue.
The company is at the end of its rope.
Not really. I like hiking better than fishing.
Have we met before?
A bear is a friendly beast compared to a tiger.
The committee held a discussion on the problem of education.
That was the most exciting concert I have ever been to.
The doctor released him from his pain.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
Please draw a hundred thousand yen from the bank.
No matter how rich one may be, one cannot live happily without health.
According to the radio, a storm is imminent in the North.
Do you mind if I smoke?
Let me know if I need to make any changes.
Masaru gets married today.
The Browns are a fine and happy family.
Beth accused her sister, Sally, of tearing her scarf.
We flew to Paris, where we stayed a week.
Some of the dogs are alive.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking.
Is English spoken in Canada?
Are you younger than him?
Excessive concern with safety can be dangerous.
Air is a mixture of gases.
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
We debated on the question of world population.
Someone will do that job.
Take your chance, and do it.
Paris is the center of the world, in a way.
Our company pays badly.
Brian studied English for this trip.
He won't be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
If I were in your situation, I would do the same thing.
Why don't you stop by for a little while?
They have few earthquakes in England.
That's asking too much.
To our surprise, she revived at once.
Give me a second chance.
A voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream.
If he will come, I will wait for him till he comes.
Please read and criticize my new book.
The doctor advised me not to smoke too much.
Everybody has some good points and bad points.
It will not be long before he comes.
If she were here now, I would tell her the truth.
Only you can carry the bag.
He said he had been to Hawaii before.
How about giving me a promotion from just-a-friend to boyfriend?
Will there be an extra charge for that?
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
No one can be more wise than destiny.
Pass me the salt, please.
Which one do you think is correct?
Robert used to help his father in the store on weekends.
From that time on, they came to love each other.
Most experts think a lot of his theory.
A bat is no more a bird than a rat is.
You can take your time.
The fly is on the ceiling.
The door could not be opened.
We need not have eaten breakfast so early.
Drink it down.
Whether it rains or not, I won't change my plan.
In order to lose weight some people skip meals.
Play outside instead of watching TV.
I hope to see you soon.
Possibly he knows who broke the windows.
If you wash it at home, the color will run.
It is Tom whom I want to see.
Do you know good from evil?
Would you pass me the salt?
I had a good sleep last night.
Our company has come a long way since it was set up.
You are not a coward.
I can't figure out why she didn't come.
Peter is a merry fellow.
Which is heavier, lead or gold?
I don't want to put her to even a small inconvenience.
Take a short cut.
Few students can read Latin.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
In any case, you should come up to Tokyo.
I'm attaching three files.
See you at two this afternoon.
You've got a good head on your shoulders.
That sort of thing should be done away with.
Gold will not buy everything.
I'm feeling ill, but I intend to go out anyhow.
We have come to an arrangement with the dealer about the price.
Come on, play with me, I'm so bored!
I am happy to have so many good friends.
Don't cross a bridge till you come to it.
You look after the children, Tom.
It's worth trying at all events.
The radio is too loud.
The shouting echoes loudly.
It is a story made out of whole cloth.
My brother saw to all the arrangements for the party.
This tooth has to have a filling.
Worry affected his health.
You have only to push the button to open the bay window.
Just then, I heard the telephone ring.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.
Meg cleared her desk.
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.
Takeshi carried on his hard work.
Do you think we can get there in time?
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
Anybody would be better than nobody.
We got her to attend to the patient.
You must look after the child.
I was astounded by the news that Mary won the first prize.
Have a good weekend!
We will keep the peace at all costs.
The petals are floating on the water.
Please stay seated until we reach the terminal.
Do you think you can make out the list in an hour?
It's my CD.
He can't be smart if he can screw up something like that.
The boat was tied to the shore by a cable.
I have a ball-point pen, but I want another.
What is it that you want me to do?
It's fun to play tennis.
You cannot take a picture in the theater without permission.
Our experiment went wrong last week.
A rat ran across the road.
Pull your car out a bit, I can't back my car out.
The robber bashed her head in.
The party broke up late.
I caught sight of her at Shibuya.
Don't beat about the bush.
It is because you work too much that you are sleepy all the time.
Honesty seems to be rather at a discount today.
Bill made me a nice dress.
Close the door after you.
Bill, call me tonight.
All right! You will be sorry for this.
I would like to go with you.
I feel the want of money.
Since Mario lied to me, I don't speak to him anymore.
The committee had a long session.
With darkness coming on, the children returned home.
Someday I will buy a cotton candy machine.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
No one can understand how the accident happened.
If I had had enough money, I could have bought it.
The professor teaches English conversation.
It looks as if it's going to rain.
Are you good at tennis?
Some people argue that technology has negative effects.
Actually, that's what I thought.
Please don't bother about me.
I've got my stubbornness from my father.
I don't know what you mean.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
My shoes are worn out.
Robert tends to talk big.
Helen weighs not more than 40 kilograms.
Lots of campers were parked all over the hill-side.
Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
Bob has to get through this ordeal on his own.
The company was in want of money.
The Titanic sunk on its maiden voyage.
Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed.
We should follow his example.
It's no use at all.
Linda came into the building.
Some TV programs are interesting, and others are not.
Mary likes skiing the best of all.
With reference to your request, I will support.
You have only to sit here.
Many local traditions have fallen into decay in recent years.
Do you also want a shave?
Please remember me to your parents.
We all desire success.
If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
I should cancel my L.A. trip.
Freedom is not free.
We work for our living.
It is better for you to do it now.
Poor Tom's been trying to get to sleep for three hours now.
Germany adjoins the Netherlands.
Tina soon got used to Japanese food.
Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.
To write a love letter in English is not easy.
I don't see why I am in a bad humor this morning.
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.
The doctor contemplated the difficult operation.
Your scheme is like a house built on the sand.
Everybody was going about his business.
Watch out, the man has a gun.
It's all one to me.
Come on Tuesday if possible.
That has nothing to do with me.
She hears English all through the day.
There were four pieces of cheese on the table.
Any child can answer that.
He cried, "That's good!"
Far be it from me to criticize, but your dress is rather loud.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
Migrants from the continent crossed the Japan sea.
I can't thank you enough for what you did for me.
The firm has a great deal of trust in your ability.
It's about time to go to school.
Both air and water are indispensable for life.
Will you turn on the television?
I'd like to go to Hawaii.
Banks open at nine o'clock.
He wanted to do it, whatever the consequences.
The sky is getting dark.
The people in this town, generally speaking, are kind to visitors.
Mr. So-and-so called today.
The buses in Montgomery were segregated.
We drove to Hakone last Sunday.
He makes his living by singing.
What kinds of tropical drinks do you have?
Beef, please.
Punish the wicked and save the weak.
How dare you behave like that!
I don't want to go to school.
I hope this makes it through baggage inspection.
I am on speaking terms with Tom.
The dealer wants to sell a car.
I have so much work that I will stay for one more hour.
David is very active.
I am just a castaway on an island lost at sea.
Some were late.
Where's the remote control for the TV?
It produced strange visual effects.
Because I want to be a translator.
Do you have anything to relieve a headache?
It has been raining a full five days.
I felt I had hit the jackpot.
Does Mr Ito teach history?
Your answer is wrong.
Please take good care of yourself.
This is the time you should get up.
We decided by vote.
That was exactly what she intended.
Keep a good dictionary at hand.
Once outside, I gave a deep sigh of relief.
When we go to bed, we say "good night".
It was not long before we knew the truth.
We are suffering from a severe water shortage this summer.
I can no longer remain silent.
Please let me know the result by telephone.
The communist gave in to his tough opponent at last.
You are wanted on the phone.
I felt something crawling up my arm.
Fear robbed him of speech.
May I have something to drink?
The excited woman tried to explain the accident all in one breath.
It is true that he is young, but he is very reliable.
It was a chance meeting.
We retire at eleven o'clock.
You're just the kind of person I imagined you'd be.
I want a pen friend.
Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?
Stockings should be of the proper size.
Move over a little if you please.
I went through my money in a very short time.
The printer needs paper.
How about a second helping?
Without motivation, nothing can be achieved.
In order to serve you better, your call may be monitored.
There's a black sheep in every flock.
Bad money drives out good.
Show me a cheaper one, please.
Hundreds of people called or wrote to the Gorilla Foundation.
Where do you work?
Admitting what you say, I still think that you were wrong.
I would like to nominate Don Jones as chairman.
Watch your step when going down the stairs.
Did you hear the roar of the lions?
The English are a taciturn people.
What do you say to seeing a doctor?
I cast my net into the sea.
Don't take it amiss if I criticize your work.
Wash before first wearing.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese meals.
We arranged that a car meet you at the station.
The doctor ordered that he take a rest.
It seems that no one knows the truth.
A good student like Tom brings honor to our class.
Do not stay away from English, even for a day.
There is a garden at the back of my house.
To my astonishment, my money was gone.
Can't you do something to help me?
A fish leaped out of the water.
You ought to have come to see me yesterday.
It was yesterday that Mary bought this skirt.
Don't let the pan boil dry.
That which is easily acquired is easily lost.
My brother in Kyoto became a teacher.
A pleasant trip to you!
It took me several days to balance the company books.
Hans sold the patent to a company.
Tom sat two rows ahead of me.
The TV picture was blurred.
After all, their form of transport produces no pollution at all.
Wherever you go, you will meet people who are kind and generous.
You will derive great benefits from learning English.
One dog and two people are jumping.
Life is a fatal sexually transmitted disease.
The naughty boy got lost and looked around.
If he had left at ten, he would have arrived here by now.
Spread the table, and contention will cease.
You're better able to do it than I am.
The good way to know a foreign country is to go there.
Some are good at English, and others are good at mathematics.
By the way, I have something to tell you.
Bill will return next week.
I don't want to get involved in that business.
Please give me a piece of bread.
Either you or I must go in his place.
You are off the point.
Mike has a nice racket.
I have always had a soft spot in my heart for Mary.
How long have you been learning English?
Chocolate tastes sweet.
Put me in touch with her.
Now that I am here, you don't have to worry.
Can you recommend a good play?
This is a store that caters specially to students.
There was thunder and lightning last night.
Her heart was throbbing with excitement.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
That is a trivial problem.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again.
Can you eat raw oysters?
People were delighted at the safe return of the astronauts.
Is there a service charge for that?
Stocks fell hard.
The committee decided to call off the strike.
You must follow the regulations.
Your son took part in the student movement, I hear.
Who wrote Hamlet?
You are to do it at once.
Bob is really a brown noser.
I don't follow.
This new product of ours is a serious blow to our rival company.
Mike runs fastest in his class.
If you are to succeed, you must work harder.
The bus is due here any time now.
The papers that were in the safe are gone.
I wish I could live near your house.
Our plans are taking shape.
Why don't you come in?
What was that?
All but Mike were present at the party.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, i.e. Tokyo.
I am, of course.
Could you call again later, please?
Perhaps he will come.
About face!
It's almost rush hour.
One murder makes a villain, millions a hero.
Betty cannot keep any secret to herself for a long time.
No one can deny the fact that there is no smoke without fire.
The general opinion is against the war.
You should give up drinking and smoking.
It is taken for granted that students know how to express themselves.
Your suggestion amounts to an order.
Natsume Soseki is one of the best writers in Japan.
As we were singing songs, we climbed to the top.
Paula was called away on urgent business.
How late is the bank open?
Could we have a table in the non-smoking section?
The hill glows with autumnal colors.
Please step back.
What time does school begin?
We are always exposed to some kind of danger.
Young people wear their hair long these days.
According to Mike, Mac bought a new car.
The athletic meeting went on as scheduled.
Are you able to type?
The apple tree has a beautiful blossom.
It became his habit by degrees.
We can but wait for the results.
I cared for the rabbits when I was at school.
Don't keep company with such a man.
I really enjoyed myself.
May I ask about your family?
Wet and stormy areas will get wetter and stormier.
It left at two, reaching Rome at four.
The hail harmed the crops.
The rules require us all to be present.
It has stopped raining.
My sole idea was to get there as fast as possible.
The richest man cannot buy true love.
First, you have to stop smoking.
Can you guess what type of restaurant it was?
I wonder what happened.
Have you finished already?
It was very wise of her to choose the other one.
It took little more than an hour.
Ha - this work's finished! Let's move on to the next stage!
You needn't have seen him to the door.
Helen is playing in the yard.
You have to go.
Nick hurried to catch the bus.
The eaves are dripping.
Tom knocked him down.
I can't get rid of a bad cold.
We are all impatient for our holiday.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
I was forced to accept her proposal.
Explain it in plain terms, please.
It's about time for dinner.
Apples were served as the dessert.
But for everybody's support, I would not have passed the examination.
He put all his heart and soul into it.
Everybody seeks happiness.
The church is on the hill overlooking the city.
In case of emergency, call 119.
Rats carry the plague.
Take as many cookies as you want.
Come closer to me.
This case requires watching, by the way.
Do you happen to know how to get downtown from here?
It is next to impossible for you to finish the work in a day.
Which is your favorite team?
Which concert did you choose to attend?
The conference is already over, sir.
You should have done so.
I wonder why nobody told me.
Mt. Aso is an active volcano.
Well, let me tell you.
Mr Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
It was a bright and clear Sunday morning.
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
Frank's boss is extremely money hungry.
The doctor cured him of his cancer.
The number of students is decreasing year by year.
Drivers have to pay attention to the traffic signal.
Our country is rich in marine products.
The tour guide pointed out the sight.
What you did brought disgrace on the whole class.
My view was different from his as to what should be done.
Don't come near the bulldog in case it bites.
The lion walked to and fro in its cage all day.
I found a kindred spirit in Bob.
We expected him to support us.
I spent a whole day cleaning up my room.
If he had heard her advice, he would have succeeded.
Don't speak to the driver while he is driving.
Oooh, sick! What is that stuff? It's all spongy.
Money is a good servant, but a bad master.
Please inform me of any changes in the situation.
Your loving friend.
I ache all over after the exercises.
The patient is sick beyond all hope.
Why can't we tickle ourselves?
When I contemplate the sea, I feel calm.
A good appetite is a good sauce.
Fasten your seat belts while you are driving.
You can do this with ease.
A trip to the Riviera should do you good.
All you have to do is wait for his arrival.
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.
Before the race, the runners have to warm up.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
What is the advantage of this technology?
If he carries on drinking like that, he's going to have a problem.
Every student has access to the library.
I think it's dangerous to climb that mountain alone.
Give me some skin!
What are they made of?
Let your hair down a little.
Costs of financial services are rising in every country.
If he had not worked hard, he would have failed the examination.
So we'd better stay home.
The sea got rough, so that we had to give up fishing.
Can I borrow your pen for a few minutes?
Concert tickets are on sale at this office.
How many days will it take until the swelling goes down?
I took a cooking class last spring and learned to bake bread.
You had better ask the doctor for advice.
The accounts have been audited.
You had better not sit up so late.
The number of members decreased to five.
Turn to the right, and you'll find my office.
Mr. Kato teaches us English.
I miss you very much.
You must not take it on any account.
The driver gestured him out.
Don't shut the door with a bang.
Your behavior is creating a lot of problems.
You can't hope to have your own way in everything.
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
Let me give you a piece of advice.
Will you have another cup of tea?
That applies to him too.
You may choose whichever you want.
A man of strong will is not subject to corruption.
You don't have to obey such a law.
Watching TV is a passive activity.
In my opinion he is not fit for the work.
The data to be discussed below was collected in the following way.
It is just a year since I got married.
Please forgive me for telling a lie.
We hope to come to an accord with them about arms reduction.
The vacation is close to an end.
I've no idea what's happening.
It is contrary to reason.
That sounds interesting. What did you tell her?
We had a very good time indeed.
The fire burned up brightly.
The salt, if you please.
I blush to think of such conduct.
Is it fine gold?
Nothing is so pleasant as traveling by air.
That was no ordinary storm.
Bin lived in Singapore.
The station is the middle of the city.
Please pay at the register.
Professor White published his first book last year.
Stop saying that!
I'll agree to the terms if you lower the price.
Mr Brown has four children.
Nobody came.
He'll make a good husband.
At your age, I would think so, too.
We are having a meeting.
You don't have to worry about a thing like that.
Mary and I have been acquainted with each other for many years.
Ben, if anything, is a sensible man.
It's a perfect example of cruel fate.
The satellite is in orbit around the moon.
There ought to be a better bus service.
I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
Doctors suspect smoking has lot to do with cancer.
Where's your head at?
It all depends how you handle it.
At last, she was able to contact her old friend.
The bridge is one mile above.
A bad cold has kept me from studying this week.
You have the wrong number.
I went to drink a beer with friends.
A cold spell gripped Europe.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
When I was in New York, I happened to meet my old friend.
It's late.
The volcano shoots out flames and lava.
Nobody is equal to this young woman in the field of music.
It's time to go to school.
How blue the sky is!
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
Don't worry about such a thing.
It's fun to watch TV.
How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital?
Pat is very talkative.
I'll bite the bullet.
You are secure from danger here.
How long will it take me to get there by bus?
Role-playing video games are time consuming.
Of all the silly ideas!
Why don't you come in for a cup of coffee and a chat?
Warmest Easter wishes for you.
I think you had better call on him.
If we have the chance, let's get together on another occasion.
Please come here soon if you don't mind.
I will miss you all.
We are looking forward to the holidays.
I haven't had a chance to see the movie yet.
The drinks were served in coconut shells.
Students should make use of the books in the library.
Except that here, it's not so simple.
Dozens of letters are awaiting you.
Mrs. Davis was anything but a perfect wife.
Please drop me off at the station.
The Germans are very crafty.
Your efforts will soon pay off.
The rules must be few and, more importantly, simple.
It's about time you got here!
When did you see them first?
But I never had you.
I don't know for certain.
The committee passed the bill.
How many pictures did you buy?
I haven't decided yet, but I'll let you know by the time we leave.
Didn't I tell you so?
We have to bring our teaching methods up to date.
The drivers began arguing about who was to blame for the accident.
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent.
Lucifera Vampirella is cute.
Which way should I go?
What do you want to do?
Guests arrived by twos and threes.
Don't go, dears.
I had a little difficulty in getting a taxi.
Nothing can be gained without effort.
He disappeared without a trace.
His lie weighed on his conscience.
A fussy referee can ruin a bout.
There were few students remaining in the classroom.
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.
You must be kidding!
The basin of a river usually has rich farmland.
The driver told us to be careful when we got off the bus.
For all his wealth, he is not contented.
This stone-dead guy had no friends.
I can not put up with his insults any longer.
You must do your duty.
I think there has been some misunderstanding here.
There are a lot of beach bums in Hawaii.
We cannot really predict anything.
As it happens, I have left the book at home.
At last, they met face to face.
Don't take the trouble to come and meet me.
What a beautiful sunset!
Hearing this song after so long really brings back the old times.
The lion ate the rabbit in one bite.
At any rate, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
Heavy taxes are laid on wine.
We are firmly confident of victory.
There is no knowing what may happen.
Please come as soon as possible.
If I had the money, I would make a trip around the world.
Please come to meet me at the station.
Write your address here.
The bad weather delayed the plane for two hours.
The audience applauded the actress.
I've never been to Paris.
The beer foamed over the top of the glass.
I knew he would accept.
Take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain.
The lamp went out, and all was black.
There is a tall man in the classroom.
A tear rolled down her cheek.
Shall I go for the doctor?
Let's play something.
As a rule, our English teacher gives a lot of homework.
You had better go.
Mr Hashimoto is known to everyone.
Let it be done by six this evening.
You are old enough to stand on your own feet.
Let's get something quick to drink.
Let me say a few words by way of apology.
I am at home.
Don't put it that way.
Six-thirty, it's possible.
Where can I get stamps?
Do you like singing?
Don't be a busybody.
Why didn't you tell her?
We had a lovely time at the dance.
I don't know where we'll arrive.
Do you have lunch at school?
It happened that I met Mr Uno on the street.
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
Listen, all of you.
Don't worry, be happy!
That would be sufficient.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
We fought for our lives in the storm.
There are a few yachts on the calm sea.
Who is the man at the other side of the table?
The typist tried to erase the error.
Greetings are the basis of good manners.
You cannot make a crab walk straight.
The strong must help the weak.
There is a fan on the desk.
You'll catch cold in such thin clothing.
It is too dark for me to read.
The hot sun baked the ground dry.
Please have a seat here.
How high is Mont Blanc?
Are you able to afford the time for it?
The fisherman exaggerated the size of the fish he had caught.
The party ended up with a chorus.
The sea was truly calm.
The spaceship made a perfect landing.
Some of the students were from Asia and the others were from Europe.
I was caught in the rain.
It is just half past seven.
There used to be a big cherry tree at the back of my house.
Hum baby to sleep.
Thomas hurried away so as to be in time for the train.
Scientists seem to have known the truth.
Look up the trains to London in the timetable.
It fell out that he could not come in time.
My car burns a lot of gas.
Roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
I've spent $500 a day.
You have to cope with those difficult problems.
Is there still any sugar?
Are there many people in Europe who believe in ghosts even now?
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.
You can number me among your friends.
You must keep this plan a secret as there may be some changes yet.
I'm just going across to the flower shop.
It was a one hundred dollar bill.
Let's try once again.
Do you think you'll be getting more in soon?
Some English words derive from Japanese.
Seen from the sky, the island was very beautiful.
Just follow your heart.
You have been beaten. Give in!
It's a waste of time and money.
Henry wants to see you.
When I bite down, this tooth hurts.
Though it stopped raining, the wind was still blowing hard.
Progress in medicine is going ahead by leaps and bounds.
The fire deprived us of our property.
What made you say such a stupid thing as that?
Our ancestors knew how to read the stars.
Bob was washing the dishes at that time.
Bill was much loved by the other children in his school.
This textbook is designed for beginners.
Great men are not always wise.
Would you like anything to eat?
Look at the baby sleeping in the cradle.
Our guide misinformed us about the location of the hotel.
Don't play hard to get with me.
The party was almost over.
Mike has a friend who lives in Chicago.
Everyone was bustling about.
You've been very helpful.
It began to sprinkle.
I have to give myself up to study for my final exams.
There is a dictionary on the desk.
The top favorites of each section were gathered together.
It's all right.
Cheese often lures a mouse into a trap.
Romans did not want their empire to decline; but it did.
In all probability, the cabinet will fall.
Won't you join our conversation?
I like English so much, but sometimes it is very difficult for me.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
A bank lends us money at interest.
Where on earth did you meet him?
Tourists take over this island in the summer.
The time will come when we can enjoy space travel.
You should not cut in when someone else is talking.
I can't find my pipe.
Can you tell me which button to press?
I was chagrined at missing you.
It was due a week ago, namely on April second.
Please defend me from such bad men.
Only a handful of men want to take childcare leave.
All the Parisians have gone outdoors.
That's not the sort I'm looking for.
Thanks for your explanation.
Long skirts are out of fashion now.
Peter and Eve make a handsome couple.
I told them to send me another ticket.
Please turn over the page.
We ran down the hill.
We work by the day.
Be quiet for a moment.
You can't have lost your coat in the house.
All of us devoted ourselves to the development of our country.
Let's talk about it after school.
The lack of harmony between colors makes this painting stand out.
Tom walks slowly.
A valuable object decreases in value if it is damaged.
While eating a pizza he was annoying his sister.
Let me apologize once again for missing our meeting.
It is necessary that you see a doctor.
White was denounced to the police as a spy.
That is decidedly short of satisfactory.
No matter what you do, do your best.
That is not my idea of him.
I've just finished packing.
I burst into tears.
I take it that you are fully acquainted with the facts.
I'm sorry to hear that.
In our society we find men of integrity along with crooks.
Will you have another cup of milk?
Mary always assists her boyfriend in doing his assignments.
Your bike is better than mine.
What do you play baseball for?
I can't help being a fool.
Drive slowly. You might have an accident.
No book is worth reading.
Well do I remember the first day we met.
Peanut butter and jelly, please.
It's a beautiful country.
Have you ever seen a UFO?
Say which one you would like.
Your tie blends well with your suit.
We were looking for buried treasure.
What an exciting game!
You should take care of your sick mother.
I came to the realization too late to make a difference.
Generally speaking, savings are increasing.
How soon will the meeting begin?
A lot of insects are chirping in the field.
Everybody pulled their socks up, yeah.
I daresay you are going to go no matter what.
The street to school was flooded so we had to go around.
Texas borders on Mexico.
I'll look forward to it.
Yokohama is one of the largest cities in Japan.
Did you meet many interesting people at the party?
Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear.
To tell a lie is wrong.
There was a ship sailing on the sea.
Who are you waiting for?
Where is your twenty? I'll give you five bucks for it.
What's become of your dog?
Technology has given us immense power.
I like to walk in the rain.
Let's play baseball with everyone.
Salt preserves fish from spoilage.
Why not talk to her about it directly?
Here he comes.
I parted with my old car.
You should carry out the plan on schedule.
What are you cross about?
The leader gave up the plan in despair.
Your book is double the size of mine.
It is difficult to convey the meaning exactly.
There were some students in the classroom.
I want to chill the wine more.
I would like batteries for this device.
Even if you do not like it, you must take charge of it.
The train left before we got to the station.
The bus fare was raised.
Does that mean you want to break up?
As soon as I left home, I ran into her.
Why were you late?
The stepmother sneered at Cinderella.
The reporter took down everything that was said.
A careful reader would have noticed the mistake.
Generally speaking, little girls are fond of dolls.
I'll do it, if you insist.
I'll be able to finish in a day or two.
Our class has increased in size.
What would you like for dessert, ice cream or fresh fruit?
Won't you go shopping with me?
I try.
Mayuko came running to meet us.
Each is good in its degree.
An apple fell off the tree.
The downtime is caused by a mechanical problem.
We are forty-three in all.
What's my book doing here?
Bob went through many dangers during the war.
I feel like eating something sweet.
The rain whipped against the window.
I tried to warn her, but she wouldn't listen.
Mike ran very fast yesterday.
You cannot buy that judge.
Don't look away idly; just pay attention to what you're doing.
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.
I can recall seeing those pictures.
If it is rainy tomorrow, the game will be put off.
The money you give them will be put to good use.
On my way home, I met him.
Where did you get your camera repaired?
We are in a fierce competition with that company.
A bad smell permeated the room.
You must read the textbook closely.
Try to make an appointment as soon as possible.
The party fought their way up.
Not everybody can be a poet.
The bus broke down at one end of the bridge.
We use computers to solve problems and to put information in order.
The button on your coat is coming off.
Tim's employer promised him pie-in-the-sky benefits.
Oh, but this is great.
We could meet downtown. Would that be convenient for you?
How did you come up with this crazy idea?
Love to party!
Then John gave this testimony.
It was very careless of her to do such a thing.
He died at a very old age.
You should have told me the truth.
What did you do on your vacation?
Can we check the rapid spread of the 'flu?
I wish Tom were my younger brother.
A stone once cast, and a word once spoken, cannot be recalled.
You'd better hurry up if you want to get home before dark.
The thermometer stood at 15 degrees.
Take this medicine in case you get sick.
We stood face to face.
For one thing, I couldn't afford to do that.
The helicopter is hovering overhead.
That accounts for the accident.
If you hurry, you can make the next bus.
It's horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic.
Another step, and you'll fall over the cliff.
Bill has stock in that company.
Have you thought of any good plans?
The sea covers nearly three-fourths of the earth's surface.
There is little room for doubt.
I'm dead to love.
Refer to the dictionary as often as possible.
The other committee consists of four members.
English is a very important language in today's world.
He is away from home.
Harry was late for class yesterday because of his accident.
Perry decided to gain information from Drake.
I've suddenly started to gain weight.
I chanced to see him in town.
That is most agreeable to the taste.
Mommy, where's my booger?
I wish there was more variety in my work.
I would often go fishing in the lake.
What do you think is the best way to learn English?
Don't put the company in danger.
You are expecting too much of her.
I would often visit the museum when I lived in Kyoto.
You may take whichever you like.
Ben is behind them, but he'll soon catch up with them.
The reporter covered the gas explosion in Shibuya.
You see some trees in front of the school.
You insist upon our taking that course of action.
Mother Teresa began her work by looking around to see what was needed.
Our factories are working at full capacity.
Tom satisfied his hunger by eating some sandwiches.
The Longs are having a garage sale tomorrow.
We could see the ship in the distance.
You must promise not to take the rope off.
There was a broken cup on the table.
You must not stay in bed.
More and more married couples share household chores.
When did it begin to rain?
We credit Peary with having discovered the North Pole.
What are you learning from the teacher?
Set your translation against the original once again.
You find it in any dictionary.
The job of a driver is harder than it looks.
His story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe.
In culture, they are on the same plane as savages.
We may well take pride in our old temples.
Let's hurry up.
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.
I'm not up for it.
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.
Medical doctors and dentists have very different tools of the trades.
I'd like you to come at nine.
It was many hours before he came to.
We admire her for her bravery.
Will you please shut the door?
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll get sick.
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.
The boat danced on the choppy water.
How much money was saved in preparation for the summer vacation?
I used to go fishing in my school days.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
A child is not a vessel for filling, but a fire to light.
Being very tired, I fell asleep soon.
Above all, be patient.
What do you do with your clothes when they are worn out?
What will you have to eat?
Who is behind the plot?
You must rid yourself of bad habits.
There is a big hole in your stocking.
The problem was how to drive quickly and safely to the house.
I'm working in Tokyo now.
We were struck dumb with astonishment.
Whenever I go abroad, I suffer from jet lag and diarrhea.
The media blew the whole thing out of proportion.
The students stood waiting for a bus.
Let me think for a minute.
Which team will win the game?
Mike eats out almost every night.
May I be excused?
Never be afraid of making mistakes.
The moment she arrived at the station, she phoned her mother.
There are some cookies in the jar.
Most people here have really hit the skids.
It's been nice meeting you.
There is nothing for you to do but obey the rules.
She said that it might be true.
Max is clever with his fingers.
I'll do it with pleasure.
Could you show me what you're serving in the buffet?
Almost all the students like English.
The bride's father showed up late for the wedding ceremony.
Work hard, or you will fail the examination.
The rain stopped at last.
We came together to form a group.
You may go home now.
We asked for the payment of his debt.
We differ from them in some respects.
After the meeting she headed straight to her desk.
I have to change tires.
Mary is an ingenuous student.
Do it at once.
Whatever the outcome, you must meet the challenge.
Maybe he will be a good teacher.
The notebook came loose.
They have much rain all year round.
Aren't you happy?
Please keep me informed of what is happening there.
Why did I go wrong?
A runner must pass the baton in a relay race.
Not every book on the desk belongs to me.
You should read such books as you consider important.
It's none of my business!
Tom and Jane quarreled, but they made up the next morning.
Can you help me when I move?
Arriving at the station, I found my train gone.
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
That is the funniest joke that I have ever heard.
That has nothing to do with you.
Mary looks unfriendly, but she is really very kind at heart.
At last, the end-of-term exams are over.
We do business with that company.
I'd like some more butter.
There is a waterfall above the bridge.
Scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the AIDS virus.
Okinawa has a fine climate all year round.
We are all in daily pursuit of happiness.
The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.
Would you like to go and get a bite to eat?
Must you work on Sunday?
How many are there in your class?
Will you please advise him to work harder?
I wish you all a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
I bought a round-trip ticket.
The front of the bus was not crowded.
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?
It was silly of you to trust them.
Will this cover the holiday expenses?
A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.
I've had a good sleep.
It is good for us to understand other cultures.
I won't ask you anything else today.
You should try to cut your way.
Fred is a lazy fellow.
I agree with you, except for the part about the profits.
Smoking affects your health.
I feel like crying.
Tom will be scolded by his father.
Mike wore an indignant look.
Our sphere of influence has expanded so much since then.
You're coming with us now.
I had trouble getting a taxi.
We danced in the subdued lighting.
Even if you make great efforts, you won't be able to achieve it.
Although he isn't ill-natured, he is not very kind.
That bank over there would do the service.
After some careful thought, I elected to stay at home.
Must I answer in English?
All you have to do is wait on any customers that come to the shop.
I can't stand that nasty attitude of his any longer.
How long can you hold your breath?
I like nothing so much as to watch baseball games on television.
There is no doubt as to who will be elected.
Bob could not control his anger.
The restaurant was a bummer.
Is there any life on Mars?
Unable to pay the rent, I asked him for assistance.
We recoiled from the enemy's offensive.
To put it briefly, I do not agree.
That's the way the ball bounces.
Then you just have to fill out this card.
I'll look after your affairs when you are dead.
Bob came home very late.
The choice of presents makes no difference to us.
Kato's class consists of forty boys and girls.
Set a diamond in a platinum mounting.
There wasn't anything like enough light to read by.
English is taught in most countries.
I'd like a double room.
It is necessary that you start at once.
I should have come earlier.
The South East region of England is densely populated.
Do you know where the girl lives?
The chairman rejected the proposal.
I feel very chilly.
The reasons for our failure are as follows.
It is true he is a learned man, but he lacks common sense.
Peter has decided to leave tomorrow.
Please help yourself to some cake.
Will you marry me?
The stock market is very active.
Muscle tissue consists of innumerable cells.
Your plan is of no earthly use.
You are wavering.
The summer is over.
You can leave now. I'll see to our luggage.
In hockey and soccer, goals are counted as points.
If today was Sunday, I would go fishing.
Hey, rust is eating away the metal.
Tom is taller than his mother.
How many sandwiches are there left?
Tom is the most diligent student in class.
Don't go against the rules.
Instead of stopping, the rain increased.
Time goes by quickly when you're having fun.
Let's not argue anymore.
Nick didn't pass the exam, did he?
You must not rely upon such a man.
Above all things, we must not be selfish.
All right, everyone, let's not stand on ceremony tonight. Cheers!
You should have refused his request flatly.
How long does it take you to get here on foot from your home?
Can Bob be sick?
Tom lives in the room above us.
He was scolded by his teacher for being lazy.
If anyone can do it, Bill can.
The piano was out of tune; it sounded very bad.
Microwaves penetrate the food in the oven.
I did some shopping for Christmas on my way home.
Let's drink a toast to our friends!
If it were not for my family, I would give up this job.
I remember meeting him in Paris.
If you didn't have him to exchange letters with, you would be lonely.
It will do him no harm.
We have a plentiful supply of water.
If only you were here, I could consult you about it.
Tom is the captain of this baseball team.
What kind of songs are popular these days?
If it gets dangerous, give me a call.
I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world.
The bill was paid in coin.
That's a little out of focus.
I feel a strong attraction to the music of Beethoven.
Because the channel was changed he got angry.
Mr. Thomas had no objection to Mr. White being elected chairman.
I can easily touch my toes.
Were it not for music, the world would be a dull place.
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
Unlike her, you are diligent.
I'm afraid the time is not yet ripe for it.
Turn up the TV.
Exercise is good for your health.
The doctor decided to operate at once.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for help.
I came upon a friend of mine in the bus.
Compare your answer with Tom's.
Do you have the conscience to do such a thing?
You should have taken a chance then.
Almost every day he goes to the river and fishes.
Whenever I find something I like, it's too expensive.
I would be very pleased to go with you.
Why do you think that way?
Mary kept on working in spite of her illness.
It was such a hot day that we went swimming.
You can trust him to keep his word.
The reporter shot questions at the politician.
School begins the day after tomorrow.
How dare you say such a thing to me?
Barry hits the bottle every now and then.
Call us in case of any difficulties.
The sum came to over 20,000 yen.
Hanako made the final payment on her car, and felt very satisfied.
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.
Something bad may happen to him.
Sensing danger, he ran away.
I don't care whichever you choose.
A cat was sitting on the chair.
It runs deeper than that.
It happened between eight and ten.
I grow tomatoes in plastic houses.
Have I said something to hurt your feelings?
You have a point there.
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.
The archer killed the deer.
You're too suspicious about everything.
On encountering the celebrity, the fans asked for his autograph.
Your pencils need sharpening.
Chance led to the discovery of the new island.
I should be very pleased if you could come.
I respect you for what you have done.
Mary showed the letter to me.
I do not for a moment think you are wrong.
I spend what time I can spare reading.
I want to speak to Mr. Sato, please.
That is not my line.
What a lazy teacher!
We have the alternative of going or staying.
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
Have a nice weekend.
Please feel free to ask me questions.
We should act so as to solve the problem.
Please ring for the servant.
When does it begin?
I'll give you a local anaesthetic.
I'd like to know how to send money to France.
Shall we start the meeting now?
It seemed to be cheap.
I'm doubtful about what I ought to do.
What is that building with the green roof?
I just got by on the test.
Most houses were destroyed to pieces.
It is not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
Scholarship must always be exact whether it is interesting or not.
What time did she check out of the hotel?
Few people can speak a foreign language perfectly.
When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
The lives of most people are determined by their environment.
The teacher often emphasizes that students should have courage.
It will take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
We must pay attention to traffic signals.
Correct errors, if any.
It's always delightful to see you.
Where is the United Airlines check-in counter?
I'll think about it.
I wish I could give up smoking.
My right hand is numb.
Ask, and it shall be given you.
Don't talk back to me like that.
Get rid of those kinds of naive ideas.
What's taking you so long?
Someone who knows English well must have written this.
The value of the yen has risen greatly.
Kanazawa is a quiet city.
Please make up your mind once and for all.
You failed to wake Harry up.
I am sure I met him somewhere, but I do not remember who he is.
Our flight was canceled.
Where did you find that doll?
Bill was killed with a gun.
You are making history.
I'm ashamed because I acted foolishly.
Let him be a great statesman, I don't admire him.
Now, what do you think?
Water shot from the pipe.
It doesn't mean anything!
There are a few books, but they have some misprints.
He didn't say a word.
That is exactly the same idea as I have.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
You are always complaining.
It's duck soup for a girl of easy virtue to find a new man.
What is the name of the building whose roof you can see?
Everyone regarded him as a great singer.
I like to talk about the good old days.
Let me hear it.
I cannot possibly do it.
Bob wasn't in on the plan.
The rainy season begins in June.
Can you tell me how to get to the station?
I could not find it anyplace.
I can't drink the beer any more.
Have you ever traveled in a plane?
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
What do you like?
We are inclined to think that most dogs bite.
Why did you go to his house?
Someone tried to poison our dog's food.
You must send for the doctor.
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
May I have a road map, please?
I swam two pool lengths.
Just wrap it up.
Had we left home at seven, we could have arrived on time.
The day will surely come when your dream will come true.
The nurse looked after the babies.
The rain changed into snow.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
Salt water is more buoyant than fresh water.
Don't worry about the past.
The princess couldn't help laughing at him.
I may give up soon and just nap instead.
It is about time you stopped being so idle and did some work.
What a stupid boy he is!
Left to himself, the child would feel very lonely.
Excuse me, but let me have another look at the photo.
It's so comfortable here, I really feel at home.
Beth was looking forward to meeting him, but he never showed up.
There were hundreds of taxis at the airport, all touting for business.
I find it difficult to believe.
You need not have come so early.
My throat burns.
Please put it back in its place.
Would you be so kind as to open the door for me?
We named my son after my grandfather.
I'd be happy to attend your party.
I feel in my bones that the party will be a great success.
It is a stupendous project.
If you eat so much, you'll get sick.
There used to be a big pond around here.
I would like to go home now.
Your watch is similar to mine in shape and color.
Our interests clash with theirs.
The rocket put a communications satellite into orbit.
Let's not watch TV.
There is a large parking lot in front of the station.
Which would you like to have with your bread, butter or cheese?
It took quite a while to sort out all our luggage.
Mr Brown was acting in the capacity of ambassador.
He said he would give us his decision for sure by Friday.
Chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
Mayuko explained the rules in detail.
You have been imposed upon.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
It shows the depth of his love for his family.
Our army took the kingdom by surprise.
The damage is done.
There was a strong wind.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
Your behavior admits of no excuse.
What kind of sports do you do?
They are matters which we need to discuss.
Drivers should wear seat belts.
You must not gamble at cards.
Sorry, but I can't go along with you.
It would be unfair if we treated him so badly.
She wondered which door to open.
It's a very delicate question.
You shouldn't have eaten the fish raw.
The athletic meeting will be put off.
It's a good deal.
Now, boys. he said.
If wisely used, money can do much.
It was a profession of his own choosing.
Frank can't have been ill. He was playing tennis all day.
The rain began to fall.
Mrs. Brown understands Japanese.
The sooner you give up, the greater the benefits.
I just can't wait for the party.
He is not just interested, he's crazy about it.
If I had known it, I would have told it to you.
Why did you marry John, of all people?
Give it to whoever needs it.
Are they displayed all through the year?
In the first place, fashions change very quickly.
What is cooking in the kitchen?
Send me a racket and my tennis shoes.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
She assumed that everyone would be for the plan.
It smelled really good.
It is none of your business.
I can't do two things at a time.
All the people felt for the victims deeply.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
Tom likes to knit.
Bob derives pleasure from observing insects.
Please relax.
Smoking has a great deal to do with cancer.
What time is dinner served?
You're going too far.
Sit down, please.
You're going about it in the wrong way.
It was raining hard, but she insisted on going for a drive.
Rats have gnawed holes in the door.
Our policy is to build for the future, not the past.
We live in the country during the summer.
We make milk into cheese and butter.
Beth is seeing her teacher in the teacher's room now.
Are drinks free?
Shouts of joy burst forth.
It is of great value.
Eating garlic in moderation reaps benefits.
Are you mad?
I can beat you to the station.
Brian kept the door open.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
Did you accept his statement as true?
I don't like any of them.
As often happens, he slept right through the lesson.
No sooner had I gone out than it began to rain.
Mechanical power took the place of manual labor.
Yes, it happens from time to time.
It will not add anything to the situation.
However late you may be, be sure to wake me.
What lies are truth?
The records of our discussions are kept by the secretary.
The dip burned my tongue.
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.
There's enough time for a quick snack.
Turn down the TV a little. I'm trying to go to sleep.
Enjoy yourself!
Meanwhile, the foolish uncle was sitting in the living room.
When did you see her dancing with him?
It's not something I'm very good at.
This advice of yours will go a long way toward solving the problem.
What's in fashion in Paris?
The invention of the transistor introduced a new era.
I graduated from the school.
Make a wish and blow out the candles.
I suffer from a stomach ache.
How considerate of you!
If we hang tight, I'm sure we can make it through these bad times.
If there is no objection, we will close the meeting now.
I am not the least bit worried.
If UFOs were to attack the earth, what would become of us?
You're really not stupid.
Educational reforms still have a long way to go.
Discussion is based upon mutual respect.
Tom is ill at ease among strangers.
You should keep to the right.
Should we send back the wrong merchandise?
The summer drew near to its end.
Cut the pie into slices.
Your remarks are besides the point.
Gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe.
I'll stop giving them chocolate on Valentine's Day.
I think it's time to wind up this meeting.
Clean the window with a damp cloth.
Our plans are to advance toward the city.
The express train is an hour faster than the local.
One more effort, and you will succeed.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Mary gave me an American doll.
I wonder if she will recognize me after all those years.
All the efforts of the doctors were to no avail.
Say what you will, I think he is an honest person.
I have a hunch that it will rain.
Space travel is no longer a dream.
You are requested not to smoke.
I disliked the idea of the necessary call, but it had to be done.
What a beautiful picture!
It is going to rain soon.
It is often said that sweets are bad for your teeth.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
You belong to the next generation.
A group of foreign students visited Akira's high school.
I don't think TV will ever take the place of books.
You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
Hi, I just wanted to let you know that the problem is fixed.
Get out your notebooks and pens.
Have you been abroad?
A lot of birthday cards will arrive soon.
You must be a fool to do such a thing.
Can you send the bellboy up?
Don't judge a man by his appearance.
You don't have to use such a harsh tone with me.
What pretty flowers!
In her leisure time, she enjoys swimming and tennis.
Can I borrow your pen?
It is made partly of wood.
What a good boy you are, Tom!
An hour's drive brought us to the airport.
We must reduce energy demand.
Harry is ashamed of having lied to Sally.
How can you be so indifferent to your wife's trouble?
I had a hard time.
Advances in science don't always benefit humanity.
Dinner will be served on board the plane.
Such words are so typical for him.
Can you envisage Tom working in a garage?
Is anything the matter with him?
What's the point?
We shall leave for home as soon as it stops raining.
Do you have anything else to order?
It will do harm to us.
Love moves in mysterious ways.
Let's go by train instead of by bus.
We should not place too much emphasis on money.
Should we go to the mall?
For some reason I couldn't access my e-mail.
Could you give me a lift to the train station?
The people at large are against war.
Why are you here when you should be in school?
It will get dark earlier this evening, as it is raining.
I would rather stay at home.
I knew that today would be fun.
Do we dress formal?
Tom is as tall as his father.
She has a big problem, though.
Send your baggage in advance.
Would you like to go to a movie?
However hard you may study, you can't master English in a year or so.
The trains were jammed with commuters.
Lucy would often play the piano after dinner.
That's altogether wrong.
It was really cheap.
Happy is a man who marries a good wife.
Although it rained, everyone had a good time.
It's still raining.
I don't like his shallow personality.
Who looks after the children?
It is sad that so few people give money to help the hungry.
There is a low hill near the sea.
What made you do a silly thing like that?
Our bus comes late, particularly when we are in a hurry.
Paula has to help her father in the kitchen.
Modern jazz is not to my taste.
Generally speaking, a waiter in Japan gives good service.
Your plan seems better than mine.
The radio broadcast the news in detail.
If I were rich, I would buy a fine house.
Flying against a strong wind is very difficult.
On my way home, I fell asleep on the train and rode past my station.
You're required to help them.
We had a rough crossing on an old ferry.
The sky grew darker and darker.
I took a taxi to get there in time.
Will you please call me a taxi?
It has a value all its own.
Mary took sides with me against my teacher.
You will have heard this story before.
Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
Please give me a map of the town.
It was easy for me to solve the problem.
An old oak is groaning in the storm.
Direct marketing is a means of allowing people to shop from home.
Information is given in English at every airport.
Oh, he broke wind.
Won't you have another glass of milk?
I cannot endure your going.
It was so hot I took my coat off.
The holidays came to an end at last.
Drinking on an empty stomach is bad for your health.
How can I feel relaxed, with you watching me like that?
No one knows the real reason why we love dogs.
Have you finished yet?
It has been raining off and on.
Please keep the fire burning.
Unless everyone plays well, we may lose the game.
A permanent is extra.
May I help you ma'am?
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
I am afraid it will be rainy.
Too much money?
I really shouldn't ask, but could you go get some tofu for me?
Don't stay indoors because it is cold outside.
I put on a cap when I go to school.
Some furniture is put together with glue.
Your advice led me to success.
Get your homework done as soon as you can.
The buses run every ten minutes.
He went to see her while she stayed in London.
May I see your claim tags?
Is your wife a good cook?
It was so cold that we lost the use of our hands.
It is, not I, but you, who are to blame.
If anything, my grandfather seems happier than before.
Let's listen to some music.
A steamship is, without a doubt, a city in itself.
Which platform is it on?
Don't cry trouble half-way.
He said to me, 'Don't make such a noise.'
I have lost my wallet.
Mary is interested in politics.
Spring will be here before long.
The party was over at nine.
Boy, I really must have passed out.
Our new English teacher is fresh from college.
Mayuko got a cut on her finger.
The clinical records in most hospitals are kept in alphabetical order.
Hotshot!
You cannot live by love alone.
The key question is not what can I gain but what do I have to lose.
I want you to straighten up the environment a little more.
The door was opened by a tall man.
Whoever goes to church believes in God.
Mary is not as tall as he.
Now you've given yourself away.
Lobsters belong to a class of marine animals.
I am come to offer what service may be in my power.
A fiscal tightening policy is being enacted.
If you don't take a vacation, you'll collapse.
His true colors are coming out.
Those pictures were painted by him.
The doctor is looking for medicine that is effective for this illness.
Your advice has helped me see the light regarding my future.
It's thoughtless of her to say so.
I will visit you as soon as I can.
Is everybody ready for the trip?
The yen is rising and the dollar is falling.
Don't miss the bus.
I'd jump through hoops for you.
I'm listening to the radio.
Have you ever been to Britain?
As far as English is concerned, she is second to none in her class.
Pay more attention to intonation when you speak English.
You're back late. What have you been up to?
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
It is finally all over.
Peter may need a new diaper.
You must not lose sight of your goal in life.
We need a new leader to pull our company together.
But for your help, I could not have done it.
I enjoyed the holiday all the better for being with you.
Just as he was speaking, a fire broke out.
I want to see the streets.
It has to be true.
School children have colds twice as often as adults.
He's rich. He doesn't need money!
The forest is teeming with monkeys.
I am fed up with your nonsense.
Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some time.
It sounds pretty good.
You two are the nucleus of the team.
I remembered everybody.
It so happened that they were not there.
Mac is my friend. He likes dogs very much.
Hunger compelled the boy to steal money from the cash register.
Brian went to school with Kate.
We shall never agree on such a careless plan.
Which subject do you like best?
What time do you start check-in?
We plan to stay a week.
I'd love to go with you to the show, but I'm flat broke.
Eating fish is good for your health.
You like elephants.
More and more couples go on honeymoon trips abroad.
Oh, there's a butterfly!
The stock has gone down overnight.
I was very surprised at the news.
On top of the statue, Sadako is holding a golden crane over her head.
You can bank on that.
Bill turned on the television.
Press the bell twice.
How many days does it usually take to get there?
Tony's voice is nice.
Could you show me how to use this pump?
Compared with last year, this year's crops are much better.
Bell invented the telephone.
When I got home, I was very hungry.
Smoking will do you a lot of harm.
The driver told us which bus we should take.
It took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to.
His wife's second cousin was a member of the Jewish ruling council.
Returnees have trouble getting used to life in Japan.
Tom went to the city by bus.
Mona Lisa has a mild but mysterious smile.
Don't make such careless mistakes.
The flower shop is opposite the park.
If I visit Nara again, I will have visited it four times.
He lost his sense of direction in the dark woods.
A miserable sequence of defeats discouraged us.
It has been so long since I last went to Disneyland with my family.
Our victory is secure.
It was careless of him to go to bed with the TV on.
Have you had any experience with this kind of work?
Above all, be true to yourself.
Dr. Bell treated the patient.
Flight reconfirmation, please.
I would not leave you for all the world.
Crying is an expression of grief.
We traveled to Mexico by plane.
You have made the very same mistake again.
The record is finished. Turn it over.
We have to respect local customs.
We have more music coming up, so stay tuned.
It's absurd of you to do that.
Paris is best in autumn.
But he likes the long school holidays.
Generally speaking, boys like girls with long hair.
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.
I'd like you to put me back on the list.
The house was blazing with lights.
He felt for his matches and found them in his back pocket.
Patty was so short that she couldn't get at the branch.
Harry called at Tony's house.
You may take either of the glasses.
Speaking English is useful.
It is soft to the touch.
One of the apples fell to the ground.
May I have something hot to drink?
A student wants to see you.
It was a very long meeting.
In the fall we harvest our summer crops.
I will get it for you.
I will say something about it.
Order, please.
Such a bad custom should be done away with.
Tom has no wish to study.
We have to play fair, whether we win or lose.
What sort of thing must I pay tax on?
We looked down at the beautiful sea.
The doctor advised Mr. White not to smoke too much.
Each of the students has his own shoes.
Living abroad is the best way to learn a foreign language.
Poor as he is, he is generous.
It's hard to master English.
You are a good student.
I'll call him later.
Why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors?
I dreamt about you.
May I see a menu, please?
Are you sure you want to put your life in her hands?
Come feel my forehead.
If you're not careful, you might slip and fall on the icy steps.
I'm not going to sell it.
The monkeys are grooming each other.
You must work very hard on duty.
There is a taxi stand near the station.
Miho is the girl I like best.
You always talk back to me, don't you?
Thank you all the same.
The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
A football team consists of eleven players.
The education system needs to be more flexible.
Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me off.
If you are going abroad, it's necessary to have a passport.
You should rest after exercise.
I am glad that the matter was settled amicably.
The Tudor Dynasty fell in the year 1603.
Don't get involved with bad men.
There's no way I can make it up to you.
Hope is the last thing that man has to flee unto.
There are some beautiful roses in the vase.
The chairman called the committee to order.
Hi, Bill. How are you?
It was a great blow to us.
Prices have been gradually rising in recent years.
These things aren't mine!
Most Japanese drink water from the tap.
Speaking medically, I advise you to lose weight.
French is her mother tongue.
The sooner, the better.
Please do it quickly.
I cut myself shaving.
Mary loses her temper easily.
Your meaning is beyond me.
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.
I don't know how to demonstrate it, since it's too obvious!
An old man broke into our conversation.
Will you send someone to fix it as soon as possible?
I'll sleep on it.
Do you study English?
I will try to solve the problem at any rate.
Traffic downtown is all backed up.
I'm sorry to upset your plans.
I didn't quite catch the name of that designer.
I felt so good as I lazed in the sunshine that I drifted off to sleep.
I'll stand by you in time of need.
I am grudged even the least bit of happiness.
Hurry up, and you'll be in time for school.
I had a hard time of it.
It was raining hard, so we played indoors.
It was a long letter, but in brief, he said, "No."
Each individual paid 1,000 dollars.
Robert got a small proportion of the profit.
It has become noticeably colder.
An illustration may make the point clear.
Floyd, what's the matter?
Michael speaks Japanese, not to mention English.
We took a ferry from the island to the mainland.
Derby Day is Wednesday fortnight.
Hold the vase in both hands.
More often than not, she had to go in person.
Would you please tell me the story about bird watching?
He built castles in the air all day.
The visitors were greeted with warm handshakes.
The door was broken open.
Let me hear from you now and again, will you?
Make yourself at home.
Well may you ask why!
English is not easy for me.
Friday is the day when she is very busy.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for his advice.
You can make it! Go for it. I'll stand by you.
I'm afraid I dislocated my right arm.
You've got no alibi for the day of the murder.
The hunter shot at a deer.
Gardening has been popular for some years.
I deeply appreciate your coming all the way.
Why did he change his plans?
That is the other way about.
Louder, please.
The toilet is upstairs.
Check that your username and password are written correctly.
The king turned out to be naked.
The mucus is thick.
I got the machine running.
It takes years of practice to play the piano well.
You'd better not wait here.
Helen is always at the top of her class.
We roared with laughter.
You are still asking yourself what the meaning of life is?
What is the news?
The apple harvest will soon come.
He will be studying when you get up.
It was cold, and, in addition, it was windy.
The cold climate affected his health.
Do you want your permanent to look natural?
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Care aged him quickly.
A man with a gun urged him into the car.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our big cities.
People used to travel on foot.
The party was put off for a week.
Outside advice may be necessary.
We have seen three wars.
Why is the politician trying to kill off the opinions of the majority?
The rocket went up.
For six years, I was an early riser. That only changed recently.
My stomach hurts.
Do you have a pen on you?
The committee is composed of five students.
The doctor advised that she take a holiday.
Not only you but also he is ignorant of the truth.
It was not easy to put out the fire at once.
The bell rings at noon.
It's foul of you to have concealed it.
Can you take his place, Leo?
We sang in loud voices.
A man's life has its ups and downs.
Mary will sit still and look at the sea for hours.
The speaker aroused the anger of the audience.
A fork fell off the table.
Please disregard this notice if your shipment has already been made.
Jack of all trades, and master of none.
It is getting cooler and cooler.
The burglar gained access to the house through a window.
Bring me a moist towel.
I apologize if I hurt your feelings.
Although it is a very difficult task, I will do my best.
You should obey the traffic laws when you drive.
The excitement reached its peak.
The committee are all for the plan.
The children went to school in spite of the rain.
You can't expect more than that.
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.
The doctor said that he would be well if he took his medicine.
We were surprised to see his injuries.
From the hill, we could see all the buildings in the city.
I was conscious that something was missing.
It being rainy, I stayed home.
It happened that I met her in Tokyo.
Hadn't we better be going soon?
Mr White has gone to India.
Keep your cigarettes dry.
Possibly, the accident will delay his arrival.
You deserve to succeed.
Tom need not go to school today.
The department store was crammed with holiday shoppers.
At the meeting I pointed out the plan's merit.
The first man that succeed in swimming the Channel was Captain Webb.
Your excellent work puts me to shame.
What do you want?
It was a long letter.
Mary spread the big map on the table.
Please pick up your ticket at the counter.
I can still hear your voice.
It happened two days after he got back to Tokyo.
Each person's share of the expenses for the party is 4000 yen.
If it were not for water, no one could live on earth.
You students are supposed to be diligent.
Peter looks very young.
It is the most artistic picture I have ever taken.
Do you go to school by bus on rainy days?
Mary likes Japan, doesn't she?
It gave me the creeps.
The soup in the pot tasted very salty.
The following passage is a quotation from a well-known fable.
The door is opened every morning.
If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going to the meeting.
Have students read such books as will make them think more.
The rose is the national flower of this country.
The importance of music is underrated.
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.
Do you charge separately for drinks?
Walk slowly to the door.
I'm not feeling well.
Not having seen her before, I did not know her.
The commemorative ceremony ended with the closing address.
Our country has enjoyed many years of unbroken peace.
I think the only problem I have now is being shut in at home.
If you don't get more exercise, you'll get fat.
It is a matter of indifference to him.
His proposals were adopted at the meeting.
It tastes great.
I can look after myself now.
The professor thought it rude to say such a thing.
Don't press your opinions on me.
You will be paid according to your ability.
Mr White punished the boy for cheating on the examination.
It rained heavily all day, during which time I stayed indoors.
He added that he was coming to town in a day or two.
The meeting broke up at eight.
You have something to say about everything, don't you?
You'll catch it from Mummy.
See you around.
Talk of devil, and he's presently at your elbow.
Where can we exchange yen into dollars?
We expect you to carry out what you have once promised.
Go and help them, Bud.
There are some books on the desk.
At last, it began to rain.
Either you are right or he is.
I will go along with your plan.
Please do something about it.
Queen Victoria was the sovereign of Great Britain.
We are longing for world peace.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
You should start as early as you can.
It was so lovely a day that I preferred to walk.
I ate caviar.
Could you speak more slowly, please?
That's my province.
Whatever may happen, I am prepared for it.
I have a dream.
You should by all means read the book.
What should I see?
You can't afford to neglect your health.
We have just cleaned the lavatory.
He will come with his wife, as is often the case with foreigners.
You must not open the door.
Please get me hotel security.
Please use this exit when there is a fire.
It is characteristic of him.
Our team competed with a powerful rival.
How slow you are!
I wonder who started that rumor.
The learned are apt to despise the ignorant.
No man is so old he cannot learn.
Whatever happens, you must keep calm.
I would love to attend the party.
It's time you faced reality.
This tipping business always makes us uneasy.
We'll have to take on someone to do Tom's work.
What are you talking about!?
First of all, he is very worried about his daughter's health.
The doctor has ordered the patient to abstain from wine.
Whichever you may choose, it will do you a lot of good.
I belong to the karate club.
On arriving at the station, she rang up her mother.
The hotel was burned down.
We have reserved a lot of food for emergencies.
I haven't eaten lunch yet.
There is one big difference.
I nearly choked on a fishbone.
I had never been abroad before, so everything seemed strange to me.
The musician left his family poor.
You don't have to hurry.
The bellows are not working.
It is under the chair.
It is effective against bacterial infections.
Give me a piece of chalk.
I am to blame for it.
Please step inside.
The summer vacation begins in July.
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
I'm through with you.
If you do it at all, do it well.
Enjoy your life while you are able to.
It will do you good to have a holiday.
It's time you stood on your own two feet.
I have a pressing feeling in my stomach.
We got our roof blown off in the gale.
Take it easy!
To Brian's surprise, his debt amounted to a considerable sum.
The doctor analyzed the blood sample for anemia.
You should give up smoking.
What do you say to taking a walk by the seaside?
I feel like vomiting.
Waiter, please bring me another glass of beer.
That's a bright idea.
Either way I don't like him.
How lucky you are!
Diligence is essential to success in life.
Many children were playing in the park.
Tom made a promise to come home early tonight.
I have three pieces of baggage.
Smoking may be harmful to his heart.
Everyone loves Mac.
He must be a fool to do so.
I had a hard time getting to the airport.
I want to eat French cuisine.
What are you looking at?
We can record the past and present.
We sat over a fire.
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms come out.
Don't speak so fast.
If I knew his address, I would get in touch with him right away.
They gained a victory.
What direction does your house face?
I was taken aback at the shadow.
Were we to do such a thing, we should be punished.
Why are you so bitter against her?
You have to go to the party.
The candle burned out.
I was called on in English class.
You are not to do that.
We do business with the United States.
Are you brushing your teeth properly?
Well, but what about the money?
Please drink the beer before it goes flat.
Where did you come from?
You are free to do as you please with your money.
What are you punishing them for?
Has the shipment arrived yet?
Evening dress is desired.
They quarreled.
The king went hunting this morning.
Such a plan is bound to fail.
Dennis doesn't have rough manners.
Come what may, I will never leave you.
The gentleman with his pipe in his mouth is a famous reviewer.
What time do you have?
Remember to lock the door.
We still have plenty of time.
What made you so dissatisfied?
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
The committee meets twice a month.
You must exercise more care when writing in English.
Do you have any travelers' checks?
It's essential for the papers to be ready today.
Brown is not so much a writer as a scholar.
We were astonished to hear what had happened.
Mont Blanc is covered with snow all the year round.
Mr White teaches us English.
As I didn't know his address, I couldn't write to him.
You have done very well.
The value of the dollar has fallen recently.
Please give my best regards to Tom.
I'd like to buy a Picasso.
Here she is!
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Are you ready to eat?
His name has completely gone out of my mind.
How long do you want it for?
I am much concerned about your health.
Will you stay at home?
Carry the table out, please.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
During the bubble, people dreamed of a life of leisure.
Your shirt is torn. You better put on another shirt.
What made you come here so early?
Rack your brains a little harder.
This will do for the time being.
The air became warm.
A mouse scurried out of the hole.
Read the bottom of the page.
I'll come provided you drive slowly.
I like him all the better for it.
Where's the aisle for vitamins?
Patricia will organize the tournament.
The best thing would be for you to do the work yourself.
Everything is now ready for you.
Be on your guard against fire.
To make our house payments, we're going to have to tighten our belts.
Arriving at the airport, I called her up.
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.
How easily one acquires bad habits!
Have you lost your marbles, wearing those bell-bottoms?
See to it that all the doors are locked before you go out.
Do you want anything?
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.
Money burns a hole in Linda's pocket.
You won't catch me doing that again.
I mortgaged my house.
Our teacher is at once stern and kindly.
It has developed into a very large city.
I prefer silver rings to gold ones.
How did you get to know her?
Thank you for not smoking.
Aren't you ashamed to talk like that?
What a big dog it is!
Russia had emerged as a second superpower.
Our professor promised to hold off on the final exam for another week.
An ostrich does not fly through the air.
I was asked to put away all the papers we used at the meeting.
Please take a seat.
Bob is down for the coming tennis competition.
We'll paint it.
Don't ask me why.
A friend of your father's friend is not always your father's friend.
Bill has not less than six dollars.
I got to know him when I was a student.
Garlic is used to improve the taste of food.
The radio gave place to television.
The TV doesn't work.
We carried on the discussion till late at night.
The lightning flashed.
Pollution is damaging our earth.
I defy you to make it public.
It is not as good as it looks.
We found a secret passage into the building.
You've been properly led up the garden path.
I want to know about your country so much.
Finally, my sister got married.
For one thing, I've no money, and for another, I've no leisure.
He's very sexy.
Air travel is fast; sea travel is, however, restful.
Go along with the crowd.
Instead of beating around the bush, Jones got straight to the point.
Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
Off it went.
Students took the lead in the campaign against pollution.
To do so is asking for trouble.
She fumbled with the glasses as she brought them in.
Can I borrow your radio?
The students cheered in honor of Dr. Baker's birthday.
If it were not for the sun, we could not live.
Fear often exaggerates danger.
He will probably forget to return my book.
He could not go out because of a bad storm.
It may rain, but I will go today anyhow.
As soon as I get paid I will pay you back.
Turn off the radio, please.
Now, the situation is out of hand.
To my surprise, she was alive.
Eat whatever you like.
My son can count up to a hundred now.
It was blowing hard all night.
Why do you need to read such a book?
How many flights to Boston do you offer a day?
Indeed she is young and beautiful, but she is in delicate health.
Tom is in his element when he is playing baseball.
Chickens were looking for food.
The light of the lamp glimmered in the fog.
Instead she merely looked surprised and - could it be - amused.
The taxi has arrived.
It doesn't matter whether you come or not.
The end justifies the means.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
A boat capsized.
Repetition helps you remember something.
In a crisis you must keep your head.
Tom took part in the summer festival.
People shouldn't stare at foreigners.
I really enjoyed betting in Las Vegas.
A red light was glowing in the dark.
It is contrary to the morals.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
You will be allowed to go out soon.
The lion is the king of beasts.
The students volunteered for community service.
Please come downstairs.
All you have to do is to wait for me to return.
A mere 529 spectators watched the game.
Keep in touch with me.
Silence gives consent.
Devils are hiding among the rocks.
Tom worked the clay into a vase.
I suggested that we bring the meeting to an end.
If he had known her phone number, he could have called her up.
At first sight, he seemed kind and gentle.
Helen is by nature an optimist.
Of course, we must do our best.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
I don't know. Is there a nickname for Tokyo?
The paint is peeling off the weather-beaten wall.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain at any moment.
I want you to go to the post office.
Mary paid for her lunch with five dollars.
Just turn this handle.
We just have to swallow it.
Your friendship is most precious to me.
I'd like to come to see the doctor as soon as possible.
Before buying shoes, you should try them on.
A foolish misunderstanding severed their long friendship.
Something terrible is about to happen.
Wait here till I come back.
The manager sat on the bench with his arms folded.
I saw a fishing boat about a mile off the shore.
The workers complained when their working hours were extended.
The students discussed the plan for many hours.
School is where we spend most of our time every day.
Congress went into recess.
Your heart's still beating loud and clear.
I feel it now.
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.
To what extent was the report true?
A hummingbird is no larger than a butterfly.
How thoughtless of you to do that.
He laughs best who laughs last.
The acid burned the metal.
I'll call again later.
Say frankly what, in your own eyes, is right.
At school he was always at the top of his class.
I'll be a little late tonight for check-in.
There are five other guests at the hotel.
There are four seasons in a year.
Not a soul was to be seen in the street.
I have half a mind to see that myself.
A taxi drew up at the main gate.
Diligence may compensate for lack of experience.
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
The doctor told him to give up smoking and drinking.
I've just finished lunch.
I was caught in a shower and was drenched to the skin.
Paintings should not be exposed to direct sunlight.
I would rather die than live in dishonor.
Take the other chair!
The tickets sold out within a week.
One way is not better than the other.
Lincoln is admired because of his leadership.
The curtain rises at 7 p.m.
The fingerprints left on the weapon correspond with the suspect's.
If there are no taxis, we'll have to walk.
Peter takes after his mother more than his father.
A model must have an attractive body.
It will go hard with him if he is found out.
With hunger and fatigue, the dog died at last.
We got the tree up.
He had been repairing the car and looked tired when I arrived home.
You talk next and you be quiet.
It made my blood boil to hear that.
Cows provide us with good milk.
Our country's climate is temperate.
His classmates' jeers reduced him to tears.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will clear up in the afternoon.
On the whole, Canada has a severe climate.
It appears to me that we misunderstand him.
You must not read such books as will do you harm.
Why are you studying English so hard? "To be an English teacher."
Tom reminds me of a boy I used to know.
You should read books written in English.
I'll rely on my father for half of my tuition.
You can make your dream come true by working hard.
He is, if anything, a little taller than I.
It's an artificial flower.
We have left undone what we ought to have done.
Suddenly, it started to look almost nice and warm.
It's pretty good.
Tom is at the door. Please ask him in.
The Beatles gave five concerts in Tokyo in 1996.
We passed through a town at night.
An owl sleeps by day and hunts by night.
We must not give way to their demands.
It seems that the rainy season is over at last.
Bill lives near the sea.
Do you know where you should get on the subway?
The number of students going abroad to study is increasing each year.
The explanation of each fact took a long time.
Prospect is often better than possession.
How are you getting along with your study?
One of the twins is alive, but the other is dead.
There is no one who doesn't want to have good friends.
The doctor was not sure what the trouble was.
A bad habit is easily acquired.
It would of course be cheaper for you to sleep at our place.
Please come to my house next Saturday if you care to.
The ferry started to move and we were across in half an hour.
The panic spread through the district in an instant.
In a foreign country most of us go through culture shock.
If you bite at it, you're a fool.
A fire can spread faster than you can run.
I'm as hungry as a bear.
The ball bounded away into our neighbor's garden.
Examinations play a large part in education.
Why are you so angry with him?
Let's finish it right away.
Bob, help me carry his suitcase to the living room.
He works for a bank.
I am sure that Bob will pass the examination.
Tony did not feel poor.
Money circulates through the banking system.
A miss is as good as a mile.
That doesn't give you grounds for complaining.
The job of a driver is not as easy as it looks.
I demand to know what's going on here.
Dan came for Julie at six.
She's faking sleep. That's why she's not snoring.
The President says we must beef up our military forces.
I fainted.
On the whole, my company is doing well now.
You're running a big risk in trusting him.
We men are used to waiting for the women.
You never get something for nothing.
A fishing light wavers under the lee of an island.
A surprise was in store for me at home.
My hobby is to listen to music.
In any case you had better obey your parents.
Desperate men often do desperate things.
I'm sure that's no fault of yours.
Keep the money in a safe place.
You may swim.
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
It was not long before they made their appearance.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
The best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it.
Kyoto is worth visiting.
Mr Hopkins spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
It's on the mantelpiece.
Blossoms have come out on the embankment.
What time is our train arriving at Hakata?
Lisa told me that she had tried natto.
All that you have to do to get a good seat is to leave early.
I seldom go to a library.
I've been badly bitten by mosquitoes.
Your explanation sounds plausible, but it just doesn't hold water.
The more stubborn you are, the more isolated you become.
Who cared?
There is no reason why you shouldn't do such a thing.
Mike's mother lived in a big city before she married.
There is usually an organ in a church.
Bourbon is made from corn.
Playing the piano is her favorite pastime.
Lucy was brought up by her grandparents.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
I think you had better take a rest.
I was wondering if you could help me.
You changed a lot.
Love blinded him to her faults.
Tom persuaded her into going to the movies with him.
It only shows you're not a robot.
I like pop music.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent right away.
Bill, answer the door.
I wonder what has become of the friend I used to go fishing with.
The first virtue of a painting is to be a feast for the eyes.
Bob was shy when he was a high school student.
I like busy places.
I wonder what they have in store for us under the big top?
I don't speak French very much.
Bread is made from flour.
My vacation went by quickly.
The concert began with a piano solo.
The talks continued for two days.
Tom is more wise than clever.
We look on her as a loose woman.
Dick takes after his mother in appearance.
Speaking English is not easy.
The fronts of the houses were hung with flags.
A fly can walk on the ceiling.
Ben, if anything, was a sensible man.
You can eat a complete meal, or just go easy with our salad bar.
Waves of joy drift through my opened heart.
Summer seems to have come at last.
Playing the violin requires much practice.
I shudder to think of it.
Who that understands music could say his playing was good?
At first, I took him for your brother.
Professor Brown is very pleased about getting his book published.
He might come tomorrow.
We will explore every planet that goes around the sun.
It is no use your trying to persuade him.
Everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive.
It is true that he is poor, but he is contented.
I think it's very like a Picasso.
If it had not been for your help, I would have lost the game.
Nobody knows what has become of him.
I would like to make a phone call.
Betty seemed surprised at the news.
I don't go in for that sort of thing.
There's the bell.
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.
Have you ever read Milton's works?
Let's take advantage of the vacation to go on a hike.
Which way is the cheese shelf?
I have a corn on my right foot.
Bill will win, won't he?
Some are deceived by fair words.
You won't be late, will you?
If he hadn't been tired, he would've gone.
Your answer is to the point.
We look up to him as a good senior.
Can somebody help me? "I will."
Serious inquiries only, please.
Nothing is to be compared to its beauty.
Monet's art is representative of Impressionism.
He ran away at the sight of a police patrol.
Generally speaking, history repeats itself.
If I had had more money, I would have bought the pen.
You will find it stated a few pages further on.
He'll be sure to smell a rat if I'm with you.
You're in luck because the boss is in.
I'll get even with you, if it takes me the rest of my life.
I read a book while eating.
You knew it wouldn't.
Summer vacation begins next Monday.
I would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate.
The hail cracked the window.
Liquids are heavier than gases.
He came after you left.
Our cities create serious pollution problems.
Our troops were constantly attacked by the guerrillas.
Her absence went unnoticed until the end of the meeting.
A fearful thought entered my mind.
Such a thing cannot be found everywhere.
Please don't get up.
It's the height of madness to say so.
To live without air is impossible.
The ocean was calm.
The toilet is over there.
The rain prevented him from coming here.
Mary can swim.
Let me buy you a drink.
It was dark when I reached the hotel.
Don't leave the door open.
Hey, you know what?
Your nose is running. Blow it.
Aoi's hobby is dancing.
Let me know if there is anything I can do.
Which book is yours?
Speaking of foreign languages, can you speak French?
Had I had a little more money, I would have bought it.
Another mistake, and he will be fired.
A gigantic bird came flying toward him.
We took a taxi so as to reach there on time.
That is beneath ordinary decency.
Much as we resemble one another, none of us are exactly alike.
It is not surprising that you should be scolded by your teacher.
There is nothing for it but to put off our departure.
No weather was severe enough to keep him indoors.
It is Mrs. Lee, Susan's mother, in London.
You should change your job if the occasion arises.
Where does it hurt?
It was nearly noon.
Beethoven was deaf in his late years.
A new tax has been imposed on cigarettes.
I think the rain's getting heavier.
I cannot answer so many questions at a time.
You should make sure of the facts before you write something.
We knocked at the door for five minutes, but in vain.
Don't step on the broken glass.
You're giving me the same old line.
I cannot afford to pay so much.
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
Medium-rare and a potato, please.
Stop asking me for a drink! Go get it yourself.
Now, quit being so blasé about this.
I lost my shirt on the stock market.
They have time to spend with their families or to enjoy their hobbies.
Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
It's like summer outside.
I am no match for him in diplomatic shrewdness.
I need one month to make a permanent bridge for you.
I have a message for you from her.
There used to be a pond around here.
Please share my umbrella.
It was careless of me to forget to lock the door.
I never can tell Bill from his brother.
Wherever you may go, you will not find a better place than your home.
As soon as there is any talk of paying, he cools down.
Can I leave now?
His diligence and good conduct earned him the scholarship.
So, Betty, have you decided on your dream home yet?
You are strong-minded.
The holidays seem to be doing her health good.
Our new school building is under construction.
It rained for several days on end.
I don't care.
One is never too old to learn.
I can't put it off any longer.
Going to school during the rush hour is tiring and unpleasant.
I suddenly stood up and felt faint and light-headed.
Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
When shall we have the party?
Please introduce me to her.
I'll show you the way to the station.
In a word, he is a man of genius.
New York is a big city.
Do you have anything hot?
We found a nail stuck in the tire.
I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
Tom will be able to drive a car soon.
Get up as early as you possibly can.
You can rely on him.
I'm annoyed at your selfishness.
It is no use quarreling with fate.
It is high time we went to bed.
Beat it.
It is stupid of you to make such a mistake.
Did you ever make a speech in English?
Inhaling diesel exhaust is bad for our health.
Only fifteen minutes.
Beth was always up a tree.
Which highway leads to the football stadium?
A problem of whose importance we are fully aware.
Two years went by before I could find a good job.
The meeting finished at nine.
Nothing's gonna change my world.
Didn't you see the musical?
You must encourage him to try again.
We may meet again in the near future.
There is no one who doesn't make mistakes.
What a big supermarket!
Your answer is right.
I usually gas up the car at this service station.
Are you for or against my plan?
I'm looking forward to serving your company.
It's close to ten o'clock. It's about time we went to bed.
Try to keep from crying.
Suddenly I got lucky.
My company is sending us all to Hakone this year.
Proficient in English, he is looked on as a good teacher.
Why didn't you show up at the party last night?
We received word of his death.
I'm from Kyoto.
Prior to the meeting, they had dinner.
Election returns were what we had expected.
I'll come at three o'clock if it is convenient to you.
Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
And, we get each other's company to boot.
Guard against the danger of fire.
I'll do everything I can.
I'll bring lunch.
Besides the rain, we experienced heavy winds.
My name is Hopkins.
Bob often tries to give up smoking.
I'm so full.
A delicatessen caught fire and burned down, leaving a heap of ashes.
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
The approaching exam, they knew, would be quite easy.
Betty was the first girl who came to the party.
Good morning, everyone.
I'm going to talk to Tom when he returns home.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind.
Despite adversity, the ingenious man achieved worldwide fame.
Please help yourself to the cake.
It used to be thought that the earth was flat.
This is not my type.
He was happy in the bosom of his family.
First of all, I must say this.
But I am able to cook well.
All children do not like apples.
Ten to one, Bob will fail the entrance exam.
In the near future, space travel will no longer be just a dream.
I have a watch that is nice, if not new.
It behooves us to do our best.
Remember that we are all in the same boat.
It is silly of me to have made the same mistake twice.
If it were not for your help, I might have failed.
Let's shake on it.
What a big mistake you made in your English composition!
She's selling drugs at concerts.
The woman on the bench is Mrs. Brown.
That is not quite what I wanted.
The glaring headlights dazzled us for a moment.
Who is your teacher?
Please shave my beard.
Mary ought to do her homework on time.
It will get you nowhere.
I have lost face completely.
Living as I do in a remote village, I seldom have visitors.
I had a chance to meet him in Paris.
That's a useful piece of information.
When I came home, he was watching TV.
It's beginning to rain. Please share my umbrella.
I found it difficult to put it into practice.
I could hardly get a wink of sleep last night.
I'll drive you home.
Tears came into my eyes when I was chopping onions.
Please knock before you come in.
I wish you were close to me.
You are entitled to try once again.
Your dog may be really depressed.
Tom is a good sort.
Despite the importance of sleep, its purpose is a mystery.
Why did you come early?
We were ordered away without any explanation.
To our great relief, she returned home safe and sound.
We start here in two hours, then.
Whichever you choose, make sure it is a good one.
I can't cut my nails and do the ironing at the same time!
I must ask Nick his new address and telephone number when I see him.
She can hardly speak Japanese.
I can't believe my eyes.
We worked hard to make ends meet.
I will forgive him out of consideration.
Because the surroundings were so dark, he could not see anything.
To purchase a ticket, you need to enter your personal details.
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.
I stayed home for a week.
Generally speaking, orchestra conductors wear tailcoats at concerts.
You can't enter here unless you have a pass.
It's faster to reserve a taxi.
It is both good and cheap.
It will do for ordinary purposes.
You must know you're faced with a crisis.
It was only a partial success.
When I was a child, my mother would often read fairy tales to me.
Hawaii's really the land of milk and honey.
It's about time you settled down for good.
I'll give you anything that you want.
You can go or stay, as you wish.
I think we'll make it if we hurry.
You're going to a movie?
In the imperial measurement system, four quarts equals one gallon.
You shall have it for nothing.
We will exempt you from attending.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
I was disappointed with your paper.
How can you break the news to her?
The truck cut in front of my car.
He will make you eat dirt.
Can you swim as fast as he?
To speak English is not easy, but it is interesting.
Only one little daughter did they have.
The doctor suggested that he give up smoking.
Mayuko was reading and Meg was painting.
It's driving me crazy.
How do you account for your being late?
No matter what may come, I will do my duty.
I spent idle days during the vacation.
The reason is that I want to be an English teacher.
Fred is always telling lies.
Who can put a bell on the cat?
The words would appear on his computer screen.
I use it when I watch TV.
Seeing that it is raining, you had better stay home.
I tried it again, only to fail.
As it had been written in haste, the report was poor.
I applaud your decision to study medicine.
I'm surprised at your behavior.
The milk froze and became solid.
The news leaked out.
What did the businessman say when he invented the zip-fastener?
There used to be an old temple here.
Please give me something to eat. I am so hungry.
The cold soon penetrated his quilted jacket.
You're in luck. The plane is on time.
You must be at the station by 5 o'clock.
The cause of the fire was his cigarette butt.
Please speak a little more slowly.
How dare you say such a thing!
What time will the game start?
Compare your composition with the example.
There was always too much superfluous writing in his essays.
It has an important influence upon our lives.
Would you like to travel abroad?
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
How about something cold to drink?
Your English has improved a lot.
We all must abide by laws to live in any society.
What are the symptoms?
Shut the door, will you?
Empty the water out of the bucket.
Wipe your shoes on the mat.
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.
Competition is not by nature evil.
I am only too glad to help you with your work.
That makes no difference.
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.
You need to reverse your vest, it's back to front.
Alone in this world I'll be.
Mike's job at home is cleaning the windows.
You must convert dollars into the local currency.
My allowance does not pay for my tuition.
As soon as I left home, I came across her in the street.
Wine is put in casks to age.
I think you should go by taxi.
It is thirty meters in length.
I will help you for the sake of our old friendship.
The whole house was ill in bed.
The boat was sucked in.
Can you drive a car?
The price of gold fluctuates daily.
Can you tell me the way to the bank?
If you studied hard, you would get good marks.
He is said to have been a man of respectable position.
I will never forget seeing you.
Tom wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
Glad to see you again.
Our efforts will soon bear fruit.
Dan did it with care but with ease.
Learning a foreign language is fun.
What's the best way for me to get a passport?
By the way, what happened to the money I lent you?
It serves you right.
Passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate.
The more we learn, the better we realize our ignorance.
Pick it up.
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.
Tom and I are good friends.
All of us want prices to decline.
Many immigrants to Britain have come from Asia.
Don't change your mind.
Choose whichever you want.
Students bustled about all the night.
I succeeded in worming out the secret.
The express starts at six and gets into Tokyo at nine.
What a friend you are!
I hope to see you again.
May I borrow your knife?
Kyoto is internationally famous for its scenic beauty.
I saw him no more.
I feel like a brand new person.
Buy cheap and waste your money.
There used to be lots of fireflies around here.
Tom is an electrical engineer.
We won the battle.
We welcome those who want to join our club.
The question of how to establish the optimal formula is still open.
Why did you do such a foolish thing at the risk of your life?
The company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired.
It is important for you to learn a foreign language.
Every little thing you say gets on my nerves.
Your singing puts professional singers to shame.
I went to bed later than usual.
The prince was turned into a frog by magic.
I'll stay if it rains.
Tom has a talent for modern painting.
All that which is invented, is true.
There is a garden in front of the house.
The motor does not function properly.
I'd like to discuss the following at the meeting.
The chairperson cut me short.
You need not have a haircut this week.
The sky was bright and clear.
You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Please go up to the third floor.
Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
Robin looks very cute when he's sleeping.
When is school over?
The meeting will start at four o'clock sharp.
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
The smoke ascended into the air.
No matter how fast you drive, you won't get there on time.
And you didn't even say that we've arrived!
You are in my way.
Are you going to attend the meeting?
Hey, Molly, why don't you come?
Rock and roll was a creation of the young generation.
To my surprise, he won the prize.
I don't think I'm cut out for city life.
Why did you fail the entrance examination?
I have to lose weight, so I'm on a diet.
We had a good deal of rain last summer.
All of them were handmade things.
You want commitment, don't you?
The others have to try and catch the murderer.
It's time for us to go home.
Some of the students were late for school.
The bazaar ended a great success.
It is not easy to write in chalk.
Bring me a dry towel.
Where would you like to go first?
Mary denied having stolen the money.
You shouldn't talk back like that.
So annoying... Now I get a headache whenever I use the computer!
A beautiful rainbow is spanning the sky.
You are wrong, however.
She was all the more beautiful dressed in her wedding costume.
I could've cried.
I have a sharp pain in my chest.
Nothing can be better than that.
I can't hear very well.
It's over between us. Give me back my ring!
The rain being over, they went on with the game.
In England, the queen reigns but does not rule.
It is plain that you have done this before.
Without gravity we would be hurled off into space.
Do you know what day it is?
At last, her dream to be a doctor came true.
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation.
But the earth's magnetic field is very weak.
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street?
I forbid you to smoke.
It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o'clock.
I got a flat tire.
Never associate with bad fellows.
Finish your homework by the time they return.
You are to start at once.
We used to meet at a coffee shop in Shinjuku after work.
Were all the members present at the meeting?
I make €100 a day.
The charter flight is to take off at three.
We must learn to meet adversity gracefully.
Your principles are not consistent with your actions.
That's the part I liked best.
You have good taste in music.
We die whether we make money or not.
Is room service still available?
Some people look down on others because they have less money.
How did the party go?
Your way of thinking is quite distinct from mine.
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
You can wear your undershirt.
For Hawking, writing this book was not easy.
Circumstances forced us to put off the meeting.
It has no parallel.
I would like to be an English teacher.
The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives.
But you have saved the best till now.
You are young boys.
Give it to me straight.
The radio is a bit loud.
Will you manage to repair my car?
Hang your jacket on the hook by the door.
It's already past ten o'clock.
I want you.
Let's see if I've got that right.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don't know when.
We're going to begin the descent for Honolulu.
I'm so unimportant and insignificant.
Please make yourselves at home, and help yourselves to drinks.
We bought a pound of tea.
He had hardly got into bed when he fell asleep.
Don't forget to polish your shoes before you go out!
There is a skeleton in every closet.
Had it not been for your help, I would have been fired.
Rain prevented us from taking a walk.
Mary has failed again. After all she is still young.
He's moving in with his girlfriend.
Tom kept talking all night.
You have, no doubt, heard of our company.
I'd like a corner room.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Some day you will have to reap the harvest of your own sowing.
Your room is out of order.
Give me a bottle of wine.
What is your greatest source of inspiration?
I am in a stew.
You are home late.
Please remember to post this letter.
How did the car accident come about?
That's just a cheap publicity stunt.
The door was left ajar.
That's too much.
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.
Wear what clothes you please.
You'd better not go out today.
Sometimes when it's very cold, I can't get my car to start.
Get out and have good clean fun once in a while.
It's terribly cold. I think I'm going to catch a cold.
It was bad of you to get angry at your wife.
Please come and see us sometime during the vacation.
Monkeys climb trees.
Have you handed in your homework?
How I miss you.
He was going to school.
A full description of him has been circulated in every newspaper.
Tell him where he should go.
Mayuko argued for the plan.
I received my bonus.
Some of the students went by bus, and others on foot.
You're never too old to learn.
Put the knives and forks back in the cupboard.
I have nothing to go by.
I have just one more thing to ask of you - get lost.
Mary is in want of common sense.
Don't talk nonsense!
It is time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.